--- Page 59 ---

Bata India Limited
32
NON-APPLICABILITY OF MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
The Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act and Rules 
framed thereunder with respect to the Company’s nature of business. 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 
Industry structure and developments
The Global footwear market valued at over USD 220 Billion, is currently driven by rising demand for fashionable, trendy yet 
functional and comfortable footwear. Economists expect the market to grow at a CAGR of 4% in the next five years with 
fashionable footwear contributing more than 25%. Increasing penetration of smart phones and internet connectivity is further 
propelling footwear sales.
India is poised to become a favourable market for fashion retailers given the following growth drivers:
1.	 Massive population of middle-class consumers with rising income and purchasing power
2.	 Increasing economic empowerment for women
3.	 Change in consumer mindset including brand consciousness
4.	 Easy availability of consumer credit 
5.	 Increase in choices of quality products
The Indian footwear industry witnessed increased activity with the changing consumer attitude towards footwear. Shoes, 
initially positioned as a value purchase, were transcending into a lifestyle purchase. It is, however, still under-penetrated with 
per capita consumption of around 1.7 pairs per annum as compared to the global average of around 3 pairs. 
Given the combined effect of outlet closures, shutdown of schools, colleges, etc., preference for Work-from-Home and shift 
in consumer behavior towards discretionary spending, the Indian footwear industry was one of the seriously hit businesses 
by the Covid-19 pandemic.
Powered by a massive vaccination drive, the consumer sentiment revived swiftly from the pandemic shock, since then the 
footwear market in India is witnessing a continuous uptick and is well positioned to grow in double digits over the next few 
years backed by our Government’s ‘Make in India’ drive. 
Opportunities and Threats
Indian Retail Industry has emerged as one of the fastest growing industries accounting for over 10% of the Country’s GDP 
and is projected to grow at a pace of 9%. 
Although, it was one of the worst hit industries by the Covid-19 pandemic, it has shown promising signs of recovery. Retail is 
now growing significantly in the commercial real estate market.
India is the second largest footwear producer and one of the top exporters in the world, contributing significantly to the export 
earnings and employment generation in the Country. It is also one of the highest employment creating sectors in the Country. 
On the consumption side, the Country has become a focal point for the fashion and lifestyle businesses over the years, owing 
to rapidly increasing disposable income.
The pandemic momentarily altered the consumer sentiments towards discretionary spending but also created pockets of 
momentum and opportunities, for example, online sales and spike in demand for casual and sports shoes. A greater proportion 
of the overall Indian population, which includes Tier 3-5 cities, now have considerably higher spending power, as a result of 
which, expansion of the footwear market has resumed. Suppressed demand along with better economic outlook are further 
expected to boost consumer sentiments and drive-up discretionary spending.
However, factors like rate of economic growth, inflation, regulatory and taxation changes, unemployment trends, etc., continue 
to affect the growth trajectory of the Indian footwear market, which otherwise possess handsome growth potential for various 
reasons, including liberal policies, advancement in technologies, innovation, availability of manpower, growth of e-commerce, 
increasing urbanization, etc. 
E-commerce is the fastest growing channel in India and is expected to reach USD 350 Billion by 2030. The Government’s 
focus to improve digital infrastructure in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets would be favourable to the sector.


--- Page 60 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
33
To accelerate growth, your Company is taking multiple initiatives under the key thrust levers - Driving Portfolio Evolution, 
Accelerating Expansion via Franchise & Distribution, Marketing Investments, Exploding Digital Footprint, Agile & Efficient 
Supply Chain, Staying nimble on costs with Talent, Process, Technology investments at the core.
Your Company is also working aggressively on increasing its reach to customers in Tier 3-5 cities. Due to strong Brand recall, 
your Company has been witnessing increasing interest for opening of franchise stores. 
Your Company also has opportunities in the I&D business, as Bata is the only player which is present across categories and 
price points. However, the competition continues to grow with unorganized sector moving into organized space. 
The free cash from operations and operating leverage allows financial flexibility to your Company to grow its business 
organically and/or inorganically as per opportunities available.
Innovation via agile product creation, scaling up digital channels, expansion in Tier 3-5 cities through opening of franchise 
stores and productivity enhancement will continue to be the priority of your Company along with investments in our brands 
and stores.
Key Focus Areas
Marketing and Campaigns 
After several disruptions due to the pandemic since March 2020, the last financial year began with the hope of strong recovery. 
However, with the resurgence of the infections in the first quarter of the financial year under review, a mild, but virulent third 
wave in the fourth quarter of the financial year under review complicated the growth trajectory. During both waves, while 
restrictions were in place, Bata India stood strong with its promise of resilience to step ahead. 
During the pandemic, ‘Casualization’ and ‘Sneakerization’ emerged as dominant trends. Customers opted for comfortable 
casual footwear for their out-of-home needs which included office as well as everyday wear. We leveraged this evolving 
trend and reached out to our customers who had to resume office, through the campaign “Relaxed Work Wear” with our 
new celebrity ambassador Mr. Kartik Aaryan. The Campaign targeted the inherent need of having great comfort with casual 
looking styles that can be worn to formal workwear occasions. Towards the end of the year with the pandemic becoming less 
severe, customers were looking to step out of their homes to relive the joys of pre-pandemic world. Hence our festive season 
campaign aimed on this insight with “Step Ahead” messaging, encouraging them to move out to enjoy festivities. 
While Sneakers emerged as the dominant category especially amongst the Gen Z and millennials, getting a large variety to 
choose from under one roof continues to be a challenge. Accordingly, your Company launched a vibrant and groovy campaign 
‘Unlimited Sneakers at Bata’ which put forth our proposition of 300+ sneaker styles from 9 brands. At the same time, to bring 
the proposition alive inside the stores, we piloted physical Sneaker Studios – Single wall with all sneaker styles displayed on 
it, across various Bata Stores. This Sneaker Studio concept was widely accepted and was rolled out to over 100 Bata and 
Franchise stores in the fourth quarter.  
Women shoppers now seek styles that are versatile enough to take them through multiple occasions in a day. Multifunctional 
footwear has become more relevant for women today and Bata introduced footwear that merged active and leisurewear 
attributes. The 24x7 Casual Collection was curated keeping in mind the various roles that women play throughout the day for 
which they need versatile casual shoes to effortlessly move from one occasion to another. It features Bata, Bata Red Label, 
Bata Comfit and Naturalizer brands, with artisanal styled heels, wedges & trendy sneakers with hues of colors that can be 
matched with any occasion, anytime, anywhere. The new campaign features Bata’s new brand ambassador Ms. Disha Patani 
to attract younger audiences who seek outdoors-inspired benefits, while still wanting a fashion-driven aesthetic that works 
well for the city life.
For the corporate segment, Hush Puppies is always known as a quintessential premium footwear brand. However, it is now 
more multifaceted in terms of its offering and not just limited to formal footwear. Hush Puppies’s Neo Casual collection for Neo 
Leaders offers smart casual and semi casual range of footwear that can easily be worn from boardroom to a party. The launch 
campaign of Hush Puppies’ Neo Casual collection showcases these new emerging dressing trends for neo age leaders. 
Our marketing efforts were recognized by the industry through various awards like Readers Digest India’s Most Trusted 
Brand, Images Most Admired Retailer, Customer Fest Leadership Award for Contactless Service, Maddies Silver for 
Most Effective Retail Campaign, IPRCCA Gold for Best Influencer Marketing Campaign & IAMAI Bronze for Interactive 
Online Marketing. 


--- Page 61 ---

Bata India Limited
34
Innovation - Products
During the year under review, based on the consumer buying behavior we focused on footwear that merged active and 
leisurewear attributes, therefore - NorthStar & Power Sneakers have held the top spot across new products taking the 
Innovation Rate to its highest ever - 27.2%.
Further, accelerated by changes in consumer behaviour, comfortable shoes that can be worn both at home and at office, saw 
the return of casual shoes and made multi-functionality the key. We incorporated various comfort features into our Red Label 
casual shoes and brought a fine balance between comfort and the desire to feel smart.
In terms of colours and materials, fresh additions were made to the longstanding neutrals palette to include hues of metallic 
shine and summer sparkle, alongside comfort-first footwear and artisanal-style craftwork.
We continue to emphasize cloud-like cushioning and technologies like Cushion Soft, Ortholite & Life Natural antibacterial 
across our footwear.
Customer Care Initiatives
During the year under review, the focus was primarily to pivot the Customer Services and align the same with NPS feedback 
inputs and improve Omni-channel experience. NPS as a feedback for loyalty channel was re-launched for all offline and 
online channels that Bata services. This also involved re-defining consumer journeys and identifying pain points. Multiple 
new initiatives were rolled out – improved social media engagements and quicker complaint resolution, mapping multiple 
integration to automate Customer Service operations, implementation of refund automation solutions, improving order failure 
issues and onboarding new ORM tool with better tech solutions. 
Bata Club 
Keeping in mind the changes in the overall business environment, Bata Club strategy had to be rejigged. Accordingly, we 
realigned our focus on scaling up our Omni-channel strategy, profile enrichment drive and email campaigns to increase 
awareness and drive traffic to bata.in. We also invested heavily on machine learning & AI science to create life cycle 
segmentation, propensity modelling, and more optimized one-to-one communication for “Right customer at Right time”. 
Dedicated campaign communication aimed at different life cycle segments like New, Grow, Stable, Decline, and lapsed have 
helped driven customer back to stores for repeat purchase, and increasing the active user base annually.
In recently concluded 15th edition of Customer Fest, an event that celebrates adoption of CRM, CX & data science programs 
and practices in brands across all industry sectors in India, Bata won the most prestigious category “Champion of Champions 
– Loyalty Program of the Year 2022”.
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company operates in Footwear & Accessories Segment only and performances of major business categories and key 
brands of your Company during the financial year ended March 31, 2022 are highlighted below:
Retail Business
India Inc., experienced a roller coaster ride during the year under review, as it experienced the devastating subsequent 
waves of the Covid-19 infections. This impacted the regular and consistent working of our stores, factories and offices, which 
were closed in chequered manner depending on the severity of the infections in various parts of the Country. Your Company 
learned to live with these starts and stops of the business, drawing heavily from its ethos and values. Our teams on ground 
displayed tremendous agility, ingenuity, grit, and resilience which helped us chart out the road for normalization in these trying 
times. Your Company went through a phased strategy of survive, revive, revitalize & thrive in financial year under review, to 
face the challenges of the continuing pandemic and come out of it.
We continued our program of conducting extensive training for our store teams on a detailed 27-point safety SOP for our store 
opening and running. Our store teams worked relentlessly to ensure Bata stores were following all the safety protocols and 
local guidelines, while ensuring, minimal impact on our store operations. We continued our work with the local communities 
while extended helping hand to our store teams as well.
We increased digitalization of our internal communication channel & conducted multiple calls & townhalls to keep the teams 
on ground motivated & connected during lockdown & post lockdown period & also scaled up ‘I Grow’, a digital learning 
platform for retail team which had over 2 lac hours of learning.


--- Page 62 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
35
We continued our focus on controlling our costs related to retail store expenses and generated millions of savings by 
negotiating rents across 1000+ stores.
Your Company continued to develop new business channels in line with changing consumer behavior. For Digital Adopters 
and Digital Novices, we rolled out innovative solutions like Bata ChatShop - WhatsApp shopping, Bata Store on Wheels, 
and Bata Home Delivery, which enabled easier & safe shopping experience for our customers even as the pandemic’s 2nd 
and 3rd waves raged on. The sales though digitally enabled channels continued to grow in the last one year. Today 60% of 
marketplaces orders are delivered via our stores, powered by Omni-channel technologies.
Your Company enabled multiple tech initiatives at the store level such as Contact-less payments, Find a Pair, Find my size, 
QR code scanning, Bata Loyalty Program, store updates on Google etc., which improved the overall customer experience 
and safety.
We have continued our expansion in Tier 3 to 5 cities via the franchisee model. The year saw good traction not only in store 
openings for this channel but a sustained Like for Like growth as well. We opened a total of 75 (net) franchise stores this year, 
taking the total to 300+ franchise stores in the Country. 
We have also made deeper forays into the Departmental Stores like Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle and Central with ‘Shop in Shops’ 
(SIS). We have had good success in the above-mentioned SIS, selling more premium products in over 230 SIS.
Digital Multi-Channel Business
E-commerce business continued its steady growth path during the year under review. We sold more than 2.8 Million pairs of 
footwear through online channels and achieved a turnover of Rs.1601 Million. 
Bata.in underwent a platform change from Octashop to Salesforce Commerce Cloud with enhanced UI/UX to create customer 
delight in its purchase journey on our website. Endless Aisle that connected retail store inventory to online website with 
technical integration, has opened the complete Bata product catalogue to the shoppers. 
Bata India shipped 100% of orders received from Bata.in through its stores. Marketplace business on Amazon, Flipkart, 
Myntra, Tata Cliq etc., saw a significant growth as well. We opened a dedicated warehouse facility managed by third party to 
further service our Marketplace orders.
In addition, Home Delivery Services offered in over 1200 stores allowed store staff to place orders on customer’s behalf if the 
article of their choice was not available in the store and retain customers, who otherwise would have walked out of our stores 
due to non-availability of size and color. This service contributed about 5% of Retail stores revenue and sold over 1 Million 
pairs.
B2B business has been steady on Amazon and Flipkart with sharp focus on growth opportunities across categories and 
brands. Focus has been on improving secondary sales on these platforms which in turn improves primary business. 
Rigorous marketing campaigns including Cost per Click (CPC) and Cost per Million Impressions (CPM) were launched while 
diligently participating in brand specific and category specific events for increased Brand visibility. 
Tech integrations like Return and Exchange Functionality improved customer experience on Bata.in, thus reducing customer 
complaints. 
Your Company has also focused on Technology upgradation to make internal processes robust and strengthen the serviceability.
Hush Puppies
In Hush Puppies, we continued our approach of communicating about technology, with introduction of new product technologies 
like Bounce Max, Bounce and Bounce Plus. With changing consumer trends, Hush Puppies has been increasing its focus on 
casual shoes. We introduced a large variety of casual shoes in a vibrant range of colors. The collection is a perfect addition 
to wardrobe with a variety of styles that can be paired up for modern work attires to on-the-go ensembles to trendy weekend 
looks.
The new range for men and women comes with smart sneakers, pumps and ballerinas in smooth-grain leather, knitted fabrics 
and soft colorful suede for men and women. The collection boasts of athletic-inspired comfort combined with elevated tailored 
styling that allows for more wearing occasions than an average shoe choice.
The Hush Puppies store network has driven consumer satisfaction and Like for Like sales, much ahead of the competition 
this year.


--- Page 63 ---

Bata India Limited
36
Naturalizer
American shoe brand Naturalizer has been a pioneer in designing shoes specifically suited to the contours of women’s feet 
since 1927. After successfully launching its exclusive stores in multiple international cities like New York, Chicago, Toronto & 
Dubai, Naturalizer has launched its flagship store in India at Mall of India, Noida. Our further expansion of EBO’s took a pause 
given the pandemic situation. Designed in New York and adorned by working women, ‘the shoe with the beautiful fit’ has been 
retailing exclusively in India at 50 Bata stores across 4 cities for almost a decade.
Our Concept stores in India have been launched basis the New York, 5th Avenue store of the brand, carefully cultivated to 
reflect brand’s heritage while incorporating modern elements to offer the ultimate brand experience designed specifically with 
customers in mind. The objective behind this store launch is to reach the loyal customer base while creating the ultimate 
destination for discovery through a strong retail showcase and experiential marketing.
The Naturalizer collection serves well to the modern-day women for all day comfort as the patented N5 comfort technology 
with unmatched ease. The collection flaunts countless styles ranging from pumps, mules, chunky soles and heels. The 
brand’s design philosophy resonates with modern aesthetics combined with textures from their own archives and finds ways 
to incorporate them in the new collections.
Non-Retail Business 
Your Company’s non-retail business division comprises of Multi-Brand Outlets, Key Accounts, industrial and institutional 
business divisions and exports. With the change in consumer behavior as well as Trade Dynamics, we have made changes to 
provide better service to our Trade Partners and Consumers. We continued to focus on select categories and casualization. 
Overall health of the business has improved in last 3 quarters inspite of the pandemic. 
Bata availability in MBO is now in 1000+ towns and about 550 enterprises provide Bata shoes to their Employee/Customers 
through our B2B Division.
Outlook
The current economic state, inflation, challenging retail environment and new waves of pandemic pose threats to businesses 
across all sectors. However, Footwear market is seeing a bounce back in occasion-based purchases, office wear and school 
wear. Your Company continues to keep its pace with its customers and evolve in every aspect including styles, footwear 
segments and comfortable yet stylish portfolio. Customer aspirations are evolving and people in smaller towns expect the 
same experiences as those in Metros. Accordingly, your Company is expanding its footprint across the Country. Your Company 
is also working on the brand appeal amongst millennials and Gen Z. Your Company is strategically positioned to harness 
the present challenges, given the strength of its Brand, innovation capabilities, retail foothold and growing online presence in 
footwear and accessories category.
With regard to online sales, your Company expects to see its digital sales outpace overall growth and plans to have a robust 
approach whether it is through D2C channel, E-commerce platforms or Omni-channel approaches — which are a big hit 
amongst the customers.
Risks and Concerns and Contingent Liabilities
Your Company acknowledges the fact that competition from both domestic and international players is increasing every 
passing day. In addition to increasing competition, Covid has changed customer’s needs, behaviour and buying habits 
and subsequent covid waves, even localized, may impact customer experience and business operations. Your Company 
acknowledges that continuous changes will have to be made in the product portfolio mix, so that Bata brand will not lose 
relevance to the millennials and the increasing youth population of India. Your Company also realizes that modernization of 
I.T. systems along with having suitable protection from risk of loss / theft of data / other vulnerabilities is one of the major areas 
of concern globally. Your Company monitors its major risks and concerns at regular intervals. Appropriate steps are taken in 
consultation with all concerned including the RCM Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board to identify and mitigate 
such risks.
During the normal course of its business operations, your Company has been subjected to litigations in connection with 
or incidental thereto. These litigations include civil cases, excise and customs related cases, etc. filed by and against the 
Company. These cases are being pursued with due importance and in consultation with legal experts in respective areas. 
Your Board believes that the outcome of these cases is unlikely to cause a materially adverse effect on the Company’s 
profitability or business performance. Your Company has a Contingent Liability of Rs. 828.37 Million as on March 31, 2022 
as compared to Rs. 411.65 Million as on March 31, 2021. Attention is drawn to the explanations mentioned in Note No. 30 of 


--- Page 64 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
37
the Notes to Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022. In view of the present status and based on 
legal advice obtained from time to time, your Board is of the opinion that no provision is required to be made against these 
Contingent Liabilities.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
A separate paragraph on internal control systems and their adequacy has been provided elsewhere in the Board’s Report.
Discussion on financial performance
The operations and consequential financial performance of the Company remained impacted during the year under review 
due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
The Earnings per Share (EPS-Basic and Diluted) of your Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 was at Rs. 
7.85 as compared to the (EPS-Basic and Diluted) for the previous financial year ended March 31, 2021 at Rs. (7.02). Your 
Company recorded an EBITDA margin of 17.41% during the financial year under review as compared to 9.17% during the 
financial year 2020-21. 
Your Company does not have any Bank Borrowings and the entire capital expenditure has been funded through internal 
sources.
The Capital Expenditure incurred during the year under review amounted to Rs. 491.73 Million as compared to Rs. 343.18 
Million in the previous year.
Details of significant changes in key financial ratios alongwith explanation 
In compliance with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, the key financial ratios of the Company alongwith explanation 
for significant changes (i.e., for change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous financial year will be termed 
as ‘significant changes’), has been provided hereunder:
Sl. No.
Particulars
2021-22
2020-21
(i)
Debtors to Sales (in days) 
11
17
(ii)
Inventory to Turnover Ratio (in months)
2.74
2.81
(iii)
Interest Coverage Ratio
1.87
(0.70)
(iv)
Current ratio
2.44
2.61
(v)
Debt Equity Ratio*
0.60
0.59
(vi)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
7.28
(4.25)
(vii)
Net Profit Margin (%)
4.23
(5.29)
(viii)
Return on Net worth (%)
5.56
(5.13)
* There is no borrowing in the Company. However, Finance cost includes interest expenses accounted for various deposits in 
accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments and interest expense accounted on various lease contracts in accordance 
with Ind AS 116, Leases has been considered as debts. 
The significant changes over previous year across all ratios is due to higher sales, faster realisations and stores re-openings 
post lifting of lockdowns restrictions. For detailed explanation, please refer to Note no. 39 of the Notes to Standalone Financial 
Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2022.
The other financial ratios of the Company relating to previous 10 years has been provided in other part of Annual Report 
2021-22.  
Material developments in human resource / industrial relations front, including number of people employed
Your Company has been continuously working to advance human resources skills, competencies and capabilities within the 
Company, which are critical to achieve desired results in line with our strategic business ambitions. Some key initiatives that 
have been taken in this direction during the year under review are summarized below:
Employee Engagement
• 
COVID Heroes Day - To meet our customers’ expectations, our front end teams comprising of store staff, field sales, 
warehouses and factories worked in tandem following the various restrictions, guidelines and protocols issued by State 
Governments. At the time when even local transportation was not available, our teams ensured that the right products 
are delivered to our customers at the earliest. In appreciation for their relentless support, dedication and going beyond 


--- Page 65 ---

Bata India Limited
38
the “Call of duty”, we dedicated 26th August 2021 as “COVID Heroes Day”. Our entire team stepped out and visited every 
store, factory and warehouse and shared their appreciation with some gifts and celebrations, thanking them for their 
efforts. Over the week, we were able to reach out to our employees at stores/warehouses/RDCs/depots and thanked and 
appreciated them.
• 
Cricket Tournament - Post relaxation of the Covid restrictions, with an aim to build stronger One Team connects, a 
Cricket match was organised for our employees in Gurugram. This proved as a good step for “Getting back to normal” 
situation and it helped the employees’ bond on the field and outside of it, as offices opened up for regular hours. 
• 
Virtual Connects and Celebrations - We have continued to strengthen our employee connect on digital mode on special 
days and festivals. We have also been able to include the families of our employees for live games and competitions. 
We held Townhalls wherein the CEO briefed on the performance of the Company and future direction. We also took it as 
an opportunity to recognise employees across departments and locations for their good work, efforts and achievements. 
• 
Customer Centricity -


Revamped Induction Program - We successfully revamped the induction program for new joiners under the 
umbrella of WOW (Welcome to our World). The objective is to inspire a sense of welcome among all new joiners and 
business know-how by means of inter-departmental interactions, create awareness of processes and drive in-depth 
store induction. This helps us to bring new talent to speed and contribute effectively in your Company’s growth.


We continued to focus on keeping our internal and external customers at the forefront. The concept of employee 
satisfaction who are our internal customers, lead to all aligned approach towards the common goal of customer 
centricity and best-in-class experience in product and service.  
Administration
• 
Covid protocols followed and Hospital Tie-ups - With an aim to keep our employees safe and for the continuity of 
business, our respective regional and unit HR teams have ensured that all our employees were 100% vaccinated. Teams 
were trained on Covid guidelines and ensured effective re-opening of offices as per the Government guidelines. Regular 
communication to keep our employees abreast with Govt. guidelines and internal advisories were made. Repository for 
employee demographics was maintained for timely and adequate support. Tie-ups for hospital and meals were done for 
immediate attention and support to the employees during hours of need.  
• 
Online medical consulting service for all the employees - We tied-up with a digital App partner for providing online 
medical consultation so that our employees can get adequate support in case of any medical issues / emergency. 
Training, Learning & Development
• 
Competency development in Retail - During the year under review, we developed problem solving and team developer 
competencies in our retail network. We have partnered with a specialist sales and operations organization to provide 
holistic, multidimensional, technology driven and future retail ready competency-based sales and operation trainings to 
our District Managers and above population through a Train-the-Trainer approach, who then cascades these training 
programs to our field workforce thereafter.
• 
Manufacturing Curated Program offerings - We have curated courses addressing the needs of the manufacturing 
vertical. These self-development programs cater to Coaching, Negotiation skills of concerned managers, apart from 
advancing their communication skills.
• 
Online Learning Programs - We re-launched learning platform – iGROW for our employees. With an aim to enhance 
the learning opportunities, we expanded our learning catalogue of courses based on the training needs identified through 
the Bata Performance Review process. During the year under review, 65% employees completed one or more training 
programs. These training programs provide a wide curriculum including leadership skills, digital marketing, strategic 
thinking, innovation, supply chain, etc.
Career Management
• 
Internal Growth - Internal Job Postings and Internal movements remained focus areas to support the business with 
opportunities for our employees to learn, perform and grow within the organization. STEP UP and Career Ladder for the 
store teams were programs that were implemented with Assessment Centers assessing Bata Competencies. 
• 
Agile Workforce - Keeping in mind the changing aspects and working environment of business, we have introduced 


--- Page 66 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
39
Flexible working model for offering better agility, flexible timings and enhanced customer service basis business 
requirements. This model also supports our frontline store operations. 
• 
Leadership Development - Our flagship programs Bata Leader and Bata Highflyers were introduced in collaboration 
with Schlageter Institute, Germany to address the development need of High performing employees. The objective of 
these interventions is to support the development journey to create Bata leaders of tomorrow ahead. 
• 
Talent Acquisition - Bata continues to be recognized as an Employer of Choice. 
• 
Talent Assessment - For the first time at Bata, we implemented a Talent Management Review (TMR) process which 
covered the internal Bata India talent landscape. To assist each department, critical roles were identified, talent pipelines 
were created and comprehensive talent mapping was completed. A development plan and defined career path for high 
potentials through training and internal functional cabinets were created. 
Diversity & Inclusion
• 
We continued our focus on our Diversity & Inclusion agenda across the organization. With the vision of having more 
diverse workforce, we have been rigorously working towards hiring a diverse talent pool. We have made conscious 
efforts through various collaborations with organizations for hiring diverse talent across various levels in our organization 
through all functions and regions.
• 
WForce virtual programs – Throughout the year under review, we invited experts from the industry and conducted virtual 
programs with the employees on ‘Mental Health & Well Being’, ‘Inclusivity & its importance’ and celebrated ‘International 
Women’s Day’ covering both men and women workforce for these sessions to listen to best practices and also engage 
through Q&A sessions thereafter.
• 
Your Company is committed to provide a work environment free from harassment of any kind and in particular, a work 
environment that has zero tolerance for sexual harassment. We conducted ‘Prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace (POSH)’ virtual awareness sessions for all employees at a Pan India level.
Industry Recognition
We built ‘Employer Brand Value’ through participation in external awards - 
• 
CII Award - ‘HR Best Practices in Business Partnering’, awarded first prize (our 2nd GOLD trophy consecutively in 2 
years).
• 
North India’s Best Employer Brand in 2021 - Bata was recognized for its HR strategy linked to business, agile People 
policies, Talent Management practices and cultivating competencies for the future to enable building the organization to 
be future-ready.
Industrial Relations 
Your Company believes in developing long term relationships with all our employees on an ongoing basis. Industrial relations 
at all the manufacturing units of your Company have been harmonious and peaceful with active involvement of the employees 
in the collective bargaining process. Your Company has also encouraged wholehearted participation of the employees and 
union in improving productivity as well as quality of its products.
As on March 31, 2022, there were 4357 permanent employees on the rolls of your Company. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
There are certain Statements which have been made in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report describing the 
estimates, expectations or predictions, may be read as ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws and 
regulations. The actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. The important factors that would make 
a difference to the Company’s operations include demand-supply conditions, raw material prices, changes in Government 
Policies, Governing Laws, Tax regimes, global economic developments and other factors such as litigation and labour 
negotiations.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT (BRR) 
In compliance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD/10/2015 
dated November 4, 2015, your Company has prepared a BRR in the prescribed format for the financial year ended March 
31, 2022 describing initiatives undertaken by it from an environmental, social and governance perspective, which is annexed 
