--- Page 171 ---

NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022
Bata India Limited
144
44. The current and previous financial year have been challenging for the business. The year began with a much stronger second wave of 
COVID-19 infections and has once again resulted in significant disruption to the business as several state governments have announced partial/ 
complete restrictions. However, the recovery post second wave of COVID-19 was at a higher pace as compared to last year. Accordingly, the 
Company has made detailed assessment of the recoverability and carrying values of its assets comprising property, plant and equipment, 
investments, inventories, receivables, other current assets, deferred tax assets, etc. as at the year end and on the basis of evaluation, has 
concluded that no material adjustments are required in the financial statements except impairment of investment and loan to subsidiary. Given 
the uncertainties associated with nature, condition and duration of COVID-19, the impact assessment on the Company's financial statements 
will be continuously made and provided for as required.
45. Previous period figures have been re-grouped / re-classified wherever necessary, to conform to current period’s classification in order to 
comply with the requirements of the amended Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 effective 1st April 2021.
 As per our report of even date attached
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
For B S R & Co. LLP
Gunjan Shah
Ashok Kumar Barat
ICAI Firm Registration number: 101248W/W-100022
Managing Director & CEO
Independent Director 
Chartered Accountants
DIN: 08525366
DIN: 00492930
Rajiv Goyal
Vidhya Srinivasan
Nitin Bagaria
Partner
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
Membership no.: 094549
DIN: 06900413
Membership no. ACS 20228
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: 25 May 2022
Date: 25 May 2022


--- Page 172 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 145
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or joint ventures
Part A - Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                      (Rs. In Million)
Sl.
No.
Particulars
Name of the Subsidiaries
Bata Properties 
Limited
Way Finders 
Brands Limited
1.
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
14/08/1987
26/12/2014
2.
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding Com-
pany’s reporting period
-
-
3.
Share capital
Authorised:
101.00
1.00
Issued & Subscribed:
48.51
1.00
4.
Reserves and surplus
11.07
(28.32)
5.
Total assets
59.66
0.66
6.
Total Liabilities
59.66
0.66
7.
Investments
-
-
8.
Turnover
3.58
0.053
9.
Profit before taxation
1.84
(1.51)
10. Provision for taxation
0.78
-
11. Profit after taxation
1.06
(1.51)
12. Proposed Dividend
-
-
13. Extent of shareholding (in percentage)
100
100
Notes: 1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: None
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None
Part B - Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
Sl. No. Name of Associates or Joint Ventures
Not Applicable
1.
Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
2.
Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired
3.
Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
No.
Amount of Investment in Associates or Joint Venture
Extent of Holding (in percentage)
4.
Description of how there is significant influence
5.
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
6.
Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
7.
Profit or Loss for the year
i. Considered in Consolidation
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
Notes: 1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: None
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
Gunjan Shah
Ashok Kumar Barat
Managing Director & CEO
Independent Director
DIN: 08525366
DIN: 00492930
 
Vidhya Srinivasan
Nitin Bagaria
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
DIN: 06900413
Membership no. ACS 20228
Place: Gurugram
Date : May 25, 2022
	
 


--- Page 173 ---

Bata India Limited
146
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Bata India Limited 
Report on the Audit of Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Bata India Limited (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), which comprises 
the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year 
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration 
of reports of other auditor on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries as were audited by the other auditor, the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner 
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the  accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at 31 March 2022, of its consolidated profit and other comprehensive income, 
consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group, in accordance with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with the consideration of audit 
reports of the other auditor referred to in sub paragraph (a) of the “Other Matters” section below, is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these 
matters.
Description of Key Audit Matter
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue recognition
See note 2.4(h) and note 18 to the consolidated financial 
statements
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when 
control in goods is transferred to the customer and is 
measured net of rebates, discounts and returns.
A substantial part of Group’s revenue relates to retail 
sales through a large number of Group owned outlets and 
comprises high volume of individually small transactions 
which increases the risk of revenue being recognised 
inappropriately and which highlights the criticality of sound 
internal processes of summarising and recording sales 
revenue to mitigate error and fraud risk.
In view of the significance of the matter we applied the following 
audit procedures in this area, among others to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence: 
A)	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting policy for 
revenue recognition as per relevant accounting standard. 
B)	 Evaluated the design and implementation of key internal 
financial controls with respect to the revenue recognition and 
tested the operating effectiveness of such controls including 
those related to the reconciliation of sales records to cash / 
credit card / online receipts, preparation, posting and approval 
of journal entries on the basis of selected transactions.
C)	 For samples selected using statistical sampling, performed 
detailed testing of retail sale transactions during the year by 
examining the underlying documents and agreeing them with 
the cash / credit card / online receipts and deposit of cash 
amounts recorded in daily cash reports with bank deposits. 


--- Page 174 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 147
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
Standards on Auditing presume that there is fraud risk 
with regard to revenue recognition. We focused on this 
area since there is a risk that revenue may be overstated 
because of fraud, resulting due to the pressure from 
Management and Board of Directors who may strive to 
achieve performance targets. Also, revenue is a key 
performance indicator for the Group which makes it 
susceptible to misstatement.
In view of the above, we have identified revenue 
recognition as a key audit matter.
D)	 Tested on sample basis, the periodic reconciliation of the 
retail sales recognised during the period with the underlying 
collections made by the Group and sales as per indirect tax 
records. 
E)	 Performed cash counts, on a test basis, at selected stores 
and examined whether the cash balances are in agreement 
with the cash receipts reported in the daily collection report. 
F)	 Tested sample journal entries affecting revenue recognised 
during the year, selected based on specified risk-based 
criteria, to identify unusual items.
G)	 Involved our IT specialists to assist us in testing of general 
IT controls and key IT application controls relating to retail 
revenue recognition.
H)	 Carried out analytical procedures on revenue recognised 
during the year to identify unusual variances.
Net realisable value (NRV) of Inventories of finished 
goods
See note 2.4(g) and note 8 to the consolidated financial 
statements
The major part of Group’s inventory comprises finished 
goods which are geographically spread across multiple lo-
cations such as retail stores, depots and factories. These 
inventories are counted by the Group on a cyclical basis 
and determination of NRV is made based on various esti-
mates (including those related to obsolescence of slow 
and non-moving inventory) by the Group as at end of re-
porting period. 
The Group manufactures and sells goods which are sub-
ject to changing consumer demands and fashion trends. 
Significant degree of judgment is thereby required to as-
sess the NRV of the inventories and appropriate write 
down of items which may be ultimately sold below their 
cost. Such judgment includes Group’s expectations for fu-
ture sale volumes, inventory liquidation plans and future 
selling prices less cost to sell. 
In view of the above, assessment of NRV and its conse-
quential impact, if any on the carrying value of inventories 
of finished goods has been identified as a key audit matter.
In view of the significance of the matter we applied the following 
audit procedures in this area, among others to obtain sufficient 
appropriate audit evidence:
A)	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting policy for 
inventories as per relevant accounting standards.
B)	 Evaluated the design and implementation of key internal 
financial controls with respect to determination of NRV for 
slow and non-moving inventory as well as inventory with low 
or negative gross margins and tested the operating effective-
ness of such controls on selected transactions.
C)	 On a sample basis, assessed whether items in the inventory 
ageing report prepared by the Group were classified within 
the appropriate ageing bracket.
D)	 Assessed the methodology and assumptions adopted by 
the management including retrospective review of the write 
down of slow and non-moving inventory by comparing the 
selling prices of goods sold during the year with opening car-
rying values.
E)	 Assessed, on a sample basis, the net realisable value of 
slow-moving and obsolete inventories and inventories with 
low or negative gross margins as calculated by the Group by 
comparing the carrying value with their subsequent selling 
prices and costs to sell subsequent to the year-end.
F)	 We carried out analytical procedures on inventory to identify 
unusual variances.


--- Page 175 ---

Bata India Limited
148
Other Information
The Holding Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the holding Company’s annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed 
and based on the work done/ audit report of other auditor, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these 
consolidated   financial statements in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
state of affairs, consolidated profit/ loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and 
consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. The respective Management and Board 
of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company. and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that 
were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the  consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements 
by the Management and Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board 
of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting 
process of each company.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these consolidated financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether 
the company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls .


--- Page 176 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 149
• 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Management and Board of Directors.
• 
Conclude on the appropriateness of Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting 
in preparation of consolidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the appropriateness of this assumption. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
• 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial statements of such entities or business activities within 
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audit of financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated financial statements of 
which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the consolidated financial statements, which have 
been audited by other auditor, such other auditor remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the 
audits carried out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities in this regard are further 
described in paragraph (a) of the section titled ‘Other Matters’ in this audit report. 
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters 
We did not audit the financial statements of two subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect total assets of Rs.60.32 million 
(before consolidation adjustments) as at 31 March 2022, total revenues of Rs.3.63 million (before consolidation adjustments) 
and net cash outflows amounting to Rs.0.14 million (before consolidation adjustments) for the year ended on that date, as 
considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements have been audited by other auditor whose 
reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as 
it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, and our report in terms of sub-section (3) 
of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based solely on the audit reports of the other 
auditor.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements below, is 
not modified in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditor.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.	
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, there are no qualifications or adverse 
remarks by the respective auditor in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 reports of the companies incorporated 
in India and included in the consolidated financial statements.
2.	
(A)	
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of reports of the other 
	
auditor on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries as were audited by other auditor, as noted in the 
	
‘Other Matters’ paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:


--- Page 177 ---

Bata India Limited
150
a)	
We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
b)	
In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports 
of the other auditor.
c)	
The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including other comprehensive 
income), the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
d)	
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
section 133 of the Act.
e)	
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on 
31 March 2022 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of 
the statutory auditor of its subsidiary companies incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group 
companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on 31 March 2022 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act. 
f)	
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the 
Holding Company and subsidiary companies incorporated in India and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”.
(B)	
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of the reports of the other auditor on separate 
financial statements of the subsidiaries, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph:
i.	
The consolidated financial statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March 2022 on the 
consolidated financial position of the Group.  Refer Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.
ii.	
The Group did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contracts including derivative contracts 
during the year ended 31 March 2022.
iii.	
There has been no delay in transferring amounts to the Investor Education and Protection Fund by the 
Holding Company or its subsidiary companies incorporated in India during the year ended 31 March 2022. 
iv.	
a)	
The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been 
	
advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or 
	
kind of funds) by the Holding Company or its subsidiary companies incorporated in India to or in 
	
any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
	
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall:


directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Holding Company or its subsidiary companies 
incorporated in India or 


provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
b)	
The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been 
received by the Holding Company or its subsidiary companies incorporated in India from any persons 
or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Holding Company or its subsidiary companies incorporated in India shall: 


directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Funding Parties or 


provide any guarantee, security or the like from or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.


--- Page 178 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 151
c)	
Based on such audit procedures as considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-
clause (iv) (a) and (iv)	(b) contain any material mis-statement.
v.	
The dividend declared or paid during the year by the Holding Company is in compliance with Section 123 
of the Act.
(C)	
With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor’s report under section 197(16):
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the reports of the statutory 
auditor of such subsidiary companies incorporated in India which were not audited by us, the remuneration paid 
during the current year by the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, to its directors is in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary companies is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs has not prescribed other details under Section 197(16) which are required to be commented upon by us.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.- 102148W/W-100022
Rajiv Goyal
Partner
Place: Gurugram
Date:  25 May 2022
Membership No.: 094549
ICAI UDIN - 22094549AJOZXI7659


--- Page 179 ---

Bata India Limited
152
Annexure A to the Independent Auditor’s report on the consolidated financial statements of Bata India Limited for 
the period ended 31 March 2022
Report on the internal financial controls with reference to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(Referred to in paragraph A(f)) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date) 
Opinion 
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 31 March 
2022, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of Bata India Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”) and such companies incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 2013 
which are its subsidiary companies, as of that date. 
In our opinion, the Holding Company and such companies incorporated in India which are its subsidiary companies, have, in 
all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal 
financial controls were operating effectively as at 31 March 2022, based on the internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements criteria established by such companies considering the essential components of such 
internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting   issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”). 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
The respective Company’s management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements based on the criteria established by the respective 
Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding 
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred 
to as “the Act”). 
Auditor’s Responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing, prescribed 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects. 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of the internal controls based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the relevant 
subsidiary companies in terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial controls with Reference to Consolidated Financial Statements 
A company’s internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements is a process designed to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial controls with reference 


--- Page 180 ---

Bata India Limited
ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22 153
to consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets 
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial controls with Reference to consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, including 
the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Other Matters 
Our aforesaid reports under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements insofar as it relates to two subsidiary companies which are 
companies incorporated in India, is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such companies incorporated in 
India.
For B S R & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants
ICAI Firm Registration No.- 101248W/W-100022
Rajiv Goyal
Partner
Place: Gurugram 
Date:  25 May 2022
Membership No.: 094549
ICAI UDIN - 22094549AJOZXI7659
