--- Page 189 ---

NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
BATA INDIA LIMITED
162
(Amount in INR million)
a) Trade receivables 
Customer and vendor credit risk is managed by business through the Company's established policy, procedures and control relating to 
credit risk management. Credit quality of each customer is assessed and credit limits are defined in accordance with this assessment. 
Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
An impairment analysis is performed for all major customers at each reporting date on an individual basis. In addition, a large number of 
minor receivables are grouped into homogenous group and assessed for impairment collectively. The calculation is based on historical 
data. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets disclosed in note 9. 
The Company evaluates the concentration of risk with respect to trade receivables as low, as its customers are located in several industries 
and operate in largely independent markets.
b) Loans and other financial assets 
With regards to all the financial assets with contractual cashflows other than trade receivables, management believes these to be high 
quality assets with negligible credit risk. The management believes that the parties from which these financial assets are recoverable, have 
strong capacity to meet the obligations and where the risk of default is negligible. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date 
in each class of financial assets is disclosed in note 5, 10 and 11.   
C) Liquidity risk
The Company's principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow that is generated from operations. The 
Company has no outstanding bank borrowings. The Company believes that the working capital is sufficient to meet its current requirements. 
Accordingly, no liquidity risk is perceived.
As of 31 March 2021, the Company had a working capital of INR 11,445.65 Million including cash and cash equivalents of  INR  544.33 
Million . As of 31 March 2020, the Company had a working capital of INR 11,990.91 Million including cash and cash equivalents of  INR 
150.14 Million . 
D) Commodity price risk
The Company is exposed to the risk of price fluctuation of raw material as well as finished goods. The Company manages its commodity 
price risk by maintaining adequate inventory of raw materials and finished goods considering future price movement. To counter raw 
material risk, the Company works with variety of leather, PVC and rubber with the objective to moderate raw material cost, enhance 
application flexibility and increased product functionality and also invests in product development and innovation. To counter finished 
goods risk, the Company deals with wide range of vendors and manages these risks through inventory management and proactive vendor 
development practices.
Inventory sensitivity analysis (raw material, work in progress and finished goods)
A reasonably possible change of 5% in prices of inventory at the reporting date, would have increased (decreased) equity and profit or loss 
by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.
Profit or loss
Equity, net of tax
5% increase 5% decrease
5% increase
5% decrease
31 March 2021
Inventory (raw material, work in progress, stock in trade and finished goods)
     (186.68)
      186.68 
    (141.56)
       141.56 
31 March 2020
Inventory (raw material, work in progress, stock in trade and finished goods)
     (267.18)
      267.18 
    (202.61)
       202.61 
38. Company has unavailed working capital borrowing limits of Rs. 1000 million as on March 31, 2021 which has been surrendered during 
May 2021.


--- Page 190 ---

NOTES TO THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2021
BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 163
(Amount in INR million)
39. Segment Reporting
Segment information is presented in respect of the company’s key operating segments. The operating segments are based on 
the company’s management and internal reporting structure. 
Operating Segments 
The Company's Managing Director and CEO have been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker ('CODM'), since they 
are responsible for all major decision w.r.t. the preparation and execution of business plan, preparation of budget and other 
key decisions. 
The Managing Director and CEO review the operating results at the Company level to make decisions about the Company's 
performance. Accordingly, management has identified the business as single operating segment i.e. Footwear & Accessories. 
Accordingly, there is only one Reportable Segment for the Company which is “Footwear and Accessories”, hence no specific 
disclosures have been made.  
Other disclosures are as follows:
a)
Revenue and Trade receivables as per Geographical Markets
Particulars
Revenue
Trade Receivables
For the year 
ended 
31 March 2021
For the year 
ended 
31 March 2020
As at
31 March 2021
As at
31 March 2020
India  
16,996.57 
30,364.85 
774.64 
600.05 
Outside India
                 76.42 
              169.66 
                  19.02 
                12.26 
Total
         17,072.99 
        30,534.51 
               793.66 
             612.31 
b)
The non-current assets of the Company are located in the country of domicile i.e. India. Hence no specific disclosures have 
been made.
c)
There are no major customer having revenue greater than 10% of the Company
40. The current financial year has been a challenging year for our business. The year began amidst a strict lockdown post the 
emergence of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) towards the end of the last financial year. The economy gradually opened post 
June 2020 and the second half of the year was progressing towards recovery. However, a much stronger second wave of 
Covid-19 infections hit the country towards the end of year and has once again resulted in significant disruption to our business 
as several state governments have announced partial/ complete restrictions. As a result, the Company has made detailed 
assessment of the recoverability and carrying values of its assets comprising property, plant and equipment, inventories, 
receivables, other current assets, deferred tax assets, etc. as at the period end and on the basis of evaluation, has concluded 
that no material adjustments are required in the financial results. Given the uncertainties associated with nature, condition and 
duration of COVID-19, the impact assessment on the Company's financial statements will be continuously made and provided 
for as required.
41. Note 22 includes R&D expenses of INR 47.96 million (31 March 2020 INR 54.69 million) and Note 25 includes R&D expenses 
of INR 8.99 million (31 March 2020 INR 13.56 million). 
42. The disclosure regarding details of specified bank notes held and transaction during 8 November 2016 to 30 December 2016 
have not been made since the requirement does not pertain to financial year ended 31 March 2021.
 As per our report of even date attached
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
For B S R & Co. LLP
Rajeev Gopalakrishnan
Sandeep Kataria
Ashok Kumar Barat
ICAI Firm Registration number: 101248W/W-100022
Managing Director
Whole Time Diretor & CEO
Independent Director 
Chartered Accountants
DIN: 03438046
DIN: 05183714
DIN: 00492930
Rajiv Goyal
Ram Kumar Gupta
Vidhya Srinivasan
Nitin Bagaria
Partner
Director Finance & CFO
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
Membership no.: 094549
DIN: 01125065
DIN: 06900413
Membership no. ACS 20228
Place: Gurugram
Date: 09 June 2021


--- Page 191 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
164
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or joint ventures
Part A: Subsidiaries
(Rs. In Million)
Sl. No.
Particulars
Name of the Subsidiaries
Bata Properties
Limited
Coastal Commercial
& Exim Limited*
Way Finders
Brands Limited
1.
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
14/08/1987
11/10/1991
26/12/2014
2.
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different 
from the holding Company’s reporting period
-
-
-
3.
Share capital
Authorised:
101.00
-
1.00
Issued & Subscribed:
48.51
-
1.00
4.
Reserves and surplus
10.01
-
(26.81)
5.
Total assets
58.63
-
1.07
6.
Total Liabilities
58.63
-
1.07
7.
Investments
-
-
-
8.
Turnover
3.86
-
11.82
9.
Profit before taxation
2.57
-
7.94
10.
Provision for taxation
0.87
-
-
11.
Profit after taxation
1.70
-
7.94
12.
Proposed Dividend
-
-
-
13.
Extent of shareholding (in percentage)
100
-
100
Notes: 1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: None
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None
*merged with Bata Properties Ltd. w.e.f. April 1, 2020 (Appointed Date)
Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures
Sl. No.
Name of Associates or Joint Ventures
Not Applicable
1.
Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
2.
Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired
3.
Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
No.
Amount of Investment in Associates or Joint Venture
Extent of Holding (in percentage)
4.
Description of how there is significant influence
5.
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
6.
Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
7.
Profit or Loss for the year
i.  Considered in Consolidation
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
Notes:     1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: None
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
Rajeev Gopalakrishnan
Sandeep Kataria
Ashok Kumar Barat
Managing Director
Whole-Time Director & CEO
Independent Director 
DIN: 03438046
DIN: 05183714
DIN: 00492930
Ram Kumar Gupta
Vidhya Srinivasan
Nitin Bagaria
Director Finance & CFO
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
DIN: 01125065
DIN: 06900413
Membership no.: ACS 20228
Place : Gurugram
Date  : June 9, 2021
	
	
 


--- Page 192 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 165
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To the Members of Bata India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Bata India Limited (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), which 
comprises the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2021, the consolidated statement of profit and loss (including 
other comprehensive income), consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for 
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the consideration 
of reports of other auditor on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries as were audited by the other auditor, the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the manner 
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the  accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of affairs of the Group, as at 31 March 2021, of its consolidated loss and other comprehensive income, 
consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group, in accordance with the ethical requirements 
that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in terms of the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India and the relevant provisions of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us along with the consideration of 
audit reports of the other auditor referred to in sub paragraph (a) of the “Other Matters” paragraph below, is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the standalone 
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the standalone financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Description of Key Audit Matter 
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue recognition
See Note 2.2(h) and Note 18 to the consolidated 
financial statements
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when 
control in goods is transferred to the customer and is 
measured net of rebates, discounts and returns.
A substantial part of Group’s revenue relates to retail 
sales through a large number of Group owned outlets 
and comprises high volume of individually small 
transactions which increases the risk of revenue being 
recognised inappropriately and which highlights the 
criticality of sound internal processes of summarising 
and recording sales revenue to mitigate error and fraud 
risk.
In view of the significance of the matter, we applied the following audit 
procedures in this area, among others to obtain sufficient appropriate 
audit evidence: 
A)	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting policy for revenue 
recognition as per relevant accounting standard. 
B)	 Evaluated the design and implementation of key internal financial 
controls with respect to the revenue recognition and tested the 
operating effectiveness of such controls  including those related to the 
reconciliation of sales records to cash / credit card / online receipts, 
preparation, posting and approval of journal entries on the basis of 
selected transactions.
C)	 For samples selected using statistical sampling, performed detailed 
testing of retail sale transactions during the year by examining the 
underlying documents and agreeing them with the cash / credit card 
/ online receipts and deposit of cash amounts recorded in daily cash 
reports with bank deposits. 


--- Page 193 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
166
The key audit matter
How the matter was addressed in our audit
Standards on Auditing presume that there is fraud 
risk with regard to revenue recognition. We focused 
on this area since there is a risk that revenue may 
be overstated because of fraud, resulting due to the 
pressure from Management and Board of Directors 
who may strive to achieve performance targets. Also, 
revenue is a key performance indicator for the Group 
which makes it susceptible to misstatement.
In view of the above, we have identified revenue 
recognition as a key audit matter.
D)	Tested on sample basis, the periodic reconciliation of the retail sales 
recognised during the period with the underlying collections made by 
the Group and sales as per indirect tax records. 
E)	 Performed cash counts, on a test basis, at selected stores and 
examined whether the cash balances are in agreement with the cash 
receipts reported in the daily collection report. 
F)	 Tested sample journal entries affecting revenue recognised during 
the year, selected based on specified risk-based criteria, to identify 
unusual items.
G)	Involved our IT specialists to assist us in testing of general IT controls 
and key IT application controls relating to retail revenue recognition.
H)	We carried out analytical procedures on revenue recognised during the 
year to identify unusual variances.
Net realisable value (NRV) of Inventories of finished 
goods
See Note 2.2(g) and Note 8 to the consolidated 
financial statements
The major part Group’s inventory comprises finished 
goods which are geographically spread across multiple 
locations such as retail stores, depots and factories. 
These inventories are counted by the Group on a 
cyclical basis and determination of NRV is made 
based on various estimates (including those related to 
obsolescence of slow and non-moving inventory) by 
the Group as at end of reporting period. 
The Group manufactures and sells goods which are 
subject to changing consumer demands and fashion 
trends. Significant degree of judgment is thereby 
required to assess the NRV of the inventories and 
appropriate write down of items which may be 
ultimately sold below their cost. Such judgment 
includes Group’s expectations for future sale volumes, 
inventory liquidation plans and future selling prices 
less cost to sell. 
In view of the above, assessment of NRV and its 
consequential impact, if any on the carrying value of 
inventories of finished goods has been identified as a 
key audit matter.
In view of the significance of the matter, we applied the following audit 
procedures in this area, among others to obtain sufficient appropriate 
audit evidence:
A)	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting policy for inventories 
as per relevant accounting standards.
B)	 Evaluated the design and implementation of key internal financial 
controls with respect to determination of NRV for slow and non-moving 
inventory as well as inventory with low or negative gross margins 
and tested the operating effectiveness of such controls on selected 
transactions.
C)	 On a sample basis, assessed whether items in the inventory ageing 
report prepared by the Group were classified within the appropriate 
ageing bracket.
D)	Assessed the methodology and assumptions adopted by the 
management including retrospective review of the write down of slow 
and non-moving inventory by comparing the selling prices of goods 
sold during the year with opening carrying values.
E)	 Assessed, on a sample basis, the net realisable value of slow-moving 
and obsolete inventories and inventories with low or negative gross 
margins as calculated by the Group by comparing the carrying value 
with their subsequent selling prices and costs to sell subsequent to the 
year-end.
F)	 We carried out analytical procedures on inventory to identify unusual 
variances.
Other Information 
The Holding Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Holding Company’s annual report, but does not include the financial statements and 
our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in 
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed 
and based on the work done/ audit reports of other auditor, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


--- Page 194 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21 167
Management's and Board of Directors’ Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of these 
consolidated financial statements in term of the requirements of the Act that give a true and fair view of the consolidated 
state of affairs, consolidated profit/loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and 
consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of the Act. The respective Management and Board 
of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of each company and for preventing and detecting frauds 
and other irregularities; the selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that 
were operating effectively for ensuring accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the  consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by 
the Management and Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board of 
Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group is responsible for overseeing the financial reporting 
process of each company.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material 
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these consolidated financial statements. 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or 
error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control. 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in 
the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on the internal 
financial controls with reference to the consolidated financial statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls 
based on our audit.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by the Management and Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of accounting in 
preparation of consolidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the appropriateness of this assumption. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
