--- Page 47 ---

24 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
that your Company’s operations are conducted in a
manner that proactively addresses uncertainties and
risks that may impact business performance or
continuity. The Risk Management Policy, approved
by the Board, is aligned with the strategic objectives
of your Company and is reviewed periodically to
reflect changing risk dynamics. Key business risks
including operational, financial, strategic, regulatory,
cyber and reputational risks are monitored regularly
by the RCM Committee. An assessment of cyber
security has also been carried out in compliance with
the Listing Regulations. The Committee ensures that
appropriate mitigation strategies are in place and
that emerging risks are promptly addressed.
The Internal Audit Report and Risk Inventory Report
are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee
and the RCM Committee respectively. The Chief
Internal Auditor is a permanent invitee to the Audit
Committee Meetings and a member of the RCM
Committee. The Audit Committee advises on various
risk mitigation exercises on a regular basis. Your
Company has been maintaining a separate Internal
Audit Team headed by the Chief Internal Auditor
appointed by the Audit Committee of your Board.
Further details pertaining to the RCM Committee and
Meetings held during the year under review are given
in the Corporate Governance Report. Your Board is
of the opinion that the Internal Financial Controls,
affecting the Financial Statements of your Company
are adequate and are operating effectively.
NON-APPLICABILITY OF MAINTENANCE OF COST
RECORDS
The Central Government has not prescribed the
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1)
of the Act and Rules framed thereunder with respect
to the Company’s nature of business. There has been
no change in the nature of business of your Company.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT
Industry Structure and Developments
The global footwear market is projected to grow at
a CAGR of ~2.3% during 2025 to 2029, on account
of shifting preferences of consumers toward
footwear that matches their daily outfits, along with
increasing number of individuals wearing different
footwear for different occasions. In addition, there
is a rise in demand for fashionable footwear that
helps in reflecting the individuality of a consumer.
India continues to be the world’s second-largest
producer and consumer of footwear. It provides
significant employment in the country, contributing
~13% of global leather production. Indian footwear
market is estimated to grow at a rate higher than
the global average, driven by growing aspirations,
youthful population, expanding e-commerce
landscape and rising disposable income. The average
volume per person in the footwear market in India is
expected to be 1.54 pairs in 2025.
The Retail Industry in India is one of the most
promising and developing marketplaces in the world,
ranking fourth globally and contributing over 10%
to the nation’s GDP. However, the Indian retail sector
stands at a crossroads, facing challenges that
demand innovative solutions and opportunities that
beckon for exploration. Healthy economic growth,
changing demographic profile, increasing disposable
income, urbanisation and changing consumer tastes
& preferences have been some of the factors driving
growth in the organised retail market in India.
Retail growth is also essential for boosting national
income and fortifying India’s social infrastructure. By
2030, retail is expected to be the single largest new
job creator in the country.
In recent years, India has experienced a boom in
smartphone penetration and is expected to reach 1.1
billion by 2025. This has assisted the growth of India’s
e-commerce sector and is projected to reach USD
325 Billion by 2030, with a significant boost in the
footwear sales.
Opportunities and Threats
India’s footwear sector is witnessing a shift in the
perception of footwear from a utility product to a
fashion statement. The sector is also shifting towards
branded players and increasing digital penetration.
However, the average volume of footwear per person
in India is close to the half of the global average of 3
pairs.
Offline channels accounts for majority footwear sales
in India. The presence of well-established retail
infrastructure and preference of consumer to test
fit and feel, contributes to the dominance of offline
sales channels.
The Indian footwear market is projected to cross USD
90 Billion by 2030, on the back of factors like:
a)
Consistent rise in income and purchasing power.


--- Page 48 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 25
b)
Higher aspiration levels for branded products.
c)
Increase in number of individuals wearing
different footwear for different occasions.
d)
Higher participation of female workforce.
e)
Steady shift towards organised channels.
f)
Increase in digital payments and online
shopping.
g)
Rising Sports and Athleisure penetration.
However, macroeconomic factors like rate of
economic growth, inflation, unemployment rate, etc.,
may impact discretionary spending. High real estate
costs and supply chain limitations are other key
constraints for footwear retailers.
Your Company continues to work on multiple
initiatives – Driving Portfolio Evolution, Accelerating
Expansion via Franchise & Distribution, Marketing
Investments, Exploding Digital Footprint, Agile &
Efficient Supply Chain, Staying nimble on costs with
Talent, Process, Technology investments at the core.
Your Company continues to be the largest footwear
retailer in India with an extensive store network,
nationwide delivery and distribution network.
Your Company also has opportunities in the I&D
business, as Bata is the only player which is present
across categories and price points. Your Company
continues to strengthen its position with quality
products, trendy designs, competitive pricing,
investment in branding and strong relationship with
distributors.
Apart from the above, casualisation and
premiumisation of product portfolio targeting higher
ASP and expansion in the market share of premium
category, portfolio freshness & innovation, scaling
up digital channels, inventory management and
productivity enhancement will continue to be the
priority of your Company along with investments in
our brands and stores. Your Company continues to
offer a diverse portfolio of products straddled across
various price points and categories.
To cater demand for value segment, your Company
is also driving affordability and reducing complexity
across categories.
Your Company is optimistic about the opportunity
to 
transform 
by 
bringing 
technological
advancements and digital capabilities.
Key Focus Areas
Bata India’s mission is to make global trends and
premium fashion accessible to all consumers through
its extensive retail network. It is redefining the
intersection of fashion and comfort through its
various brands – Bata Red Label for in-trend global
styles, Bata Comfit for technology enabled comfort
in daily wear, athleisure-brand Power for fitness
sneakers and apparel, NorthStar for sneakers
inspired by global youth trends, fashionable range
of clogs and slip-ons under Floatz, kids-brand
Bubblegummers that has won the trust of parents
while inspiring fun and Hush Puppies - the global
brand that epitomizes comfort and elegance to name
a few.
Marketing and Campaigns
During the year under review, your Company
strategically reimagined its brand narrative through
innovative marketing campaigns that positioned
Bata Brand at the intersection of global trends and
local relevance. Fresh collections, brought to life
through thoughtful storytelling and meaningful
collaborations, elevated the style credentials and
established Bata as a Brand for customers seeking
for style & comfort.
Ahead of the bustling summer holiday season and
fuelled by a surge in demand for travel, your
Company unveiled the ‘9 to 9’ collection with an
industry-first ‘Try and Fly’ offer, turning footwear
trials at any Bata store into a rewarding experience
with assured prizes and an all-expense paid trip.
Complementing this, the Hush Puppies Travel
campaign addressed the needs of modern-day
explorers and young professionals who seek style
without compromising on comfort.
Your Company also made significant strides in
establishing its fashion credentials through high-
profile collaborations with renowned designers and
prestigious fashion events.
Recognising the growing fitness consciousness
among customers, global ‘Stronger Inside’ campaign
was launched for athleisure brand, Power featuring
the revolutionary Power Energy Collection. Designed
in Canada and backed by global technology, the
collection was amplified by renowned fitness trainers
and influencers. With a vision to ignite empowerment
across India fuelled by inner strength and accessible
technology, your Company collaborated with
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 49 ---

26 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
wrestler Ms. Nisha Dahiya as she geared up for Paris
Olympics 2024.
Your Company’s marketing excellence was
recognized with multiple prestigious accolades
including Trendies Award ’24 for Best Multi-Platform
Campaign and Best Influencer Marketing Campaign;
e4m Prime Time Award, Media Services for Best
Influencer Marketing and Creativity in the Jewellery
Fashion and Apparel Category and The Mommys by
Mad Over Marketing for Best Use of Social Media to
Drive Sales.
As we stride into the future, your Company will
continue its marketing efforts to honour its rich
legacy while boldly reimagining its next chapter. With
every campaign, every collection and every
conversation, your Company reaffirms its
commitment to being a companion for every
generation offering style with comfort.
Affordability
To foster ease of choices for customers, your
Company is driving affordability in core brands and
reducing complexity across categories. With price
point consolidation across core brands, your
Company initiated simplification of offerings and line
reduction to bring value proposition in top selling
articles.
Hush Puppies
With a strong push to attract new-age customers,
newness is a key driver for Hush Puppies. The latest
collection brings in new-age casuals, loafers and
wedges, crafted with exclusive materials and high-
end leathers.
Infusing fresh energy into Hush Puppies, your
Company announced the hilarious, ever-stylish and
paw-sitively charming Mr. Vir Das as the Brand’s India
ambassador. A first in the fashion industry in India,
the announcement came in the most unique way with
Mr. Vir Das getting ready for his historic moment as
the first Indian to host the globally acclaimed 52nd
International Emmy Awards.
Your Company introduced a limited edition ‘Hush
Puppies x Peanuts’ collection, bringing together two
beloved icons: Hush Puppies’ basset hound and
Snoopy, the famous Beagle from Peanuts. The
collaboration captured the essence of the groovy
70s, with the Seventy8 collection featuring a unique,
exclusive look.
Additionally, the expansion, premiumisation and
standardisation of non-footwear categories like
handbags, belts and wallets have become significant
growth pillars, contributing meaningfully to overall
HP business.
Power
Your Company continues to implement its portfolio
casualisation strategy, which worked well during the
year under review. The Sneaker category was led by
Power.
Your Company created awareness about the fastest
selling Power Easy Slide collection to cater the
growing demand for convenience, accessibility and
innovation. The collection features an intelligent
hands-free design that eliminates the need to bend
down, bringing the utmost convenience to daily
routine. Your Company plans to expand Easy Slide
collection to 1200 doors shortly.
Power apparel performed well during the year under
review. Your Company launched light winter and fall
collection and the collection was expanded to 100+
stores.
Floatz
Floatz crossed Rs. 1000+ Million in sales during the
year under review. Your Company expanded the
brand to 1500+ doors and continued with lightweight
and trendy designs, offering all-day ease, both
indoors and outdoors, that saw extreme popularity
with customers. Dual density products were added
to the portfolio. Your Company also launched Kids
collection in collaboration with Marvel and Disney.
Digital Multi-Channel Business
Your Company has one of the largest Omni-network
in India covering 1700+ stores. Omni-channel
recorded a handsome share of the total sales.
E-commerce business continued its steady growth
path during the year under review. Both bata.com
and marketplace channels grew significantly over last
year. Your Company also added Quick Commerce
channel and expects it as a growth opportunity in
coming years.
Bata.com continues to improve the merchandise
assortment display leading to higher ASPs and
margin improvements.
In addition, Home Delivery Services at Franchise
stores is leading to incremental business for


--- Page 50 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 27
Franchisee partners as it provides access to the
complete product catalogue to the customers. Home
Delivery continues to contribute close to 1 million
pairs of sales in a year.
Investment in technology integrations continue to
improve customer experience on Bata.com. Efficient
Returns and Refunds handling also led to significant
reduction in customer complaints.
Non-Retail Business
Your Company’s non-retail business division
comprises of Multi-Brand Outlets, Key Accounts,
industrial and institutional business divisions and
exports. Your Company continues to focus on select
categories including School, Value Added Men’s and
Ladies open and Men’s closed where we have
competitive advantages. Your Company will further
focus on growth of Sneakers/Sports category.
During the year under review, your Company gained
market share in select categories despite overall
sluggish market conditions. Accordingly, your
Company has strategically consolidated its network
of distributors to drive business and to focus on
larger distributors cohort. This is reflected in the
improvement in Weighted Distribution which has
grown to over 45%.
Bata availability in MBOs is now in 1550+ towns and
700+ enterprises provide Bata shoes to their
Employee/Customers through our B2B Division.
Inventory Management
Inventory tightening both in terms of quantity and
quality was a key focus area and your Company will
continue to work towards improving stock turns and
forecast accuracy to achieve an optimal level of
inventory and reduce clutter at stores.
Customer Experience
During the year under review, your Company
continued to invest in technology-driven process
enhancements, leveraging data-driven insights to
empower teams in delivering exceptional customer
experiences. Key initiatives such as Customer Profile
Score, Decentralised claim approvals and Self-Help
IVR were implemented to enhance customer
experience. These features led to faster resolutions
and a significant reduction in overall escalations.
As a core focus area, your Company is further
enhancing customer experience by integrating AI
into Customer Service IVR and create a seamless
self-service experience.
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company operates in Footwear & Accessories
Segment 
only. 
Operational 
highlights 
&
performances of major business categories, channels
and key brands of your Company for the financial
year ended March 31, 2025 are covered previously
in this Report.
Outlook
The footwear industry is expected to be driven by
higher disposable income and aspiration for branded
footwear.
India’s retail sector is experiencing exponential
growth with retail development taking place not just
in major cities and metros but also in small cities.
However, factors like rising rentals in commercial real
estate market, enhanced volatility in global financial
systems, etc., also continue to pose challenges to
the industry.
Brick-and-mortar store formats continue to be in
demand driven, by macroeconomic factors such as
rapid urbanisation, rising affluence and evolving
consumer preferences. Retail leasing demand,
dominated by fashion and apparel retailers,
surpassed the supply of new availability in 2024.
India’s e-commerce market is projected to reach USD
325 Billion by 2030. However, e-commerce return
rates are much higher in Fashion & Apparel
categories, posing a threat to online sales
profitability.
Accordingly, your Company is expanding its physical
footprint, majorly through Franchise route in Tier 3 -
5 cities and its digital footprint through its own
website and marketplaces in footwear and
accessories category. Your Company is building style
& fashion forward imagery through influencers,
media revamp and store innovations.
The ability to adapt to market conditions & evolving
customer expectations and technological
advancements, enables your Company to position
itself strongly for future growth upon consumption
recovery.
Your Company continues to focus on cost efficiency
and productivity across all operations including
manufacturing facilities, backed by digital
transformation for future readiness with cautious
optimism.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 51 ---

28 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
Risks and Concerns and Contingent Liabilities
Your Company acknowledges the footwear industry
is undergoing transformation. Customer needs and
expectations from footwear industry, purchasing
channels and buying habits are evolving. New
expectations around fashion, affordability, shopping
experience, product discoverability, etc., are
influencing business growth drivers and key
initiatives. Your Company is cognizant of the fact
that competition from both domestic and
international players, especially at the bottom of the
pyramid, is increasing.
Your Company acknowledges that continuous
evolution of the product portfolio mix is required to
maintain relevance of Bata Brand amongst Millennials
and the Gen Z. Your Company also realises that
modernisation of I.T. systems alongwith having
suitable protection from risk of loss / theft of data /
other vulnerabilities is a key requirement for business
continuity. Your Company continuously adapts to
comply with relevant changes in the Government
laws and policies to minimise any adverse impact
on sales, cost and operations. Your Company also
monitors external factors such as raw material prices,
inflation and other geo-political factors to assess and
mitigate any adverse effect on business and results
of operations.
Your Company monitors its major risks and concerns
at regular intervals. Appropriate steps are taken in
consultation with all concerned including the RCM
Committee and the Audit Committee to identify and
mitigate such risks.
During the normal course of its business operations,
your Company has been subjected to litigations in
connection with or incidental thereto. These
litigations include civil cases, GST and customs
related cases, etc., filed by and against the Company.
These cases are being pursued with due importance
and in consultation with legal experts in respective
areas. Your Board believes that the outcome of these
cases is unlikely to cause a materially adverse effect
on the Company’s profitability or business
performance. Your Company has a Contingent
Liability of Rs. 237.93 Million as on March 31, 2025 as
compared to Rs. 313.32 Million as on March 31, 2024.
Attention is drawn to the explanations mentioned in
Note No. 29 of the Notes to Financial Statements
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. In view
of the present status and based on legal advice
obtained from time to time, your Board is of the
opinion that no provision is required to be made
against these Contingent Liabilities.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
A separate paragraph on internal control systems
and their adequacy has been provided elsewhere in
this Board’s Report.
Discussion on financial performance
The Earnings per Share (EPS - Basic and Diluted) of
your Company for the financial year ended March
31, 2025 was at Rs. 25.55 as compared to the (EPS -
Basic and Diluted) for the previous financial year
ended March 31, 2024 at Rs. 20.22. Your Company
recorded an EBITDA margin of 21.07% during the
financial year under review as compared to 22.52%
during the financial year 2023-24.
Your Company does not have any Bank Borrowings
and the entire capital expenditure has been funded
through internal sources.
The Capital Expenditure incurred during the year
under review amounted to Rs. 3,375.66 Million as
compared to Rs. 1,188.57 Million in the previous year.
Details of significant changes in key financial ratios
alongwith explanation
In compliance with the requirement of the Listing
Regulations, the key financial ratios of the Company
alongwith explanation for significant changes (i.e.,
for change of 25% or more as compared to the
immediately previous financial year), has been
provided hereunder:


--- Page 52 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 29
Sl. No.
Particulars
2024-25
2023-24
(i)
Debtors to Sales (in days)
12
9
(ii)
Inventory to Turnover Ratio (in times)
1.75
1.63
(iii)
Interest Coverage Ratio*
3.3
4.3
(iv)
Current ratio
1.82
2.10
(v)
Debt Equity Ratio**
0.92
0.89
(vi)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
12.3
14.7
(vii)
Net Profit Margin (%)
9.42
7.5
(viii)
Return on Net worth (%)
20.98
17.1
*There is no borrowing in the Company. However, Finance cost includes interest expenses accounted for
various deposits in accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments and interest expense accounted on
various lease contracts in accordance with Ind AS 116.
**Leases has been considered as debts.
The significant change in Debtors to Sales Ratio is
due to change in credit terms with E-commerce
vendors. Also, the significant change in Net Profit
Margin % is due to an exceptional gain on sale of
land during the year under review. Other than these,
there have been no significant changes over previous
years across all other ratios.
Return on Net worth has changed due to an
exceptional gain on sale of land during the year under
review.
For further explanation, please refer to Note no. 41
of the Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for
the year ended March 31, 2025.
The other financial ratios of the Company relating
to previous 10 years has been provided in other part
of this Annual Report.
Material developments in the human resource /
industrial relations front, including number of
people employed
Your Company has been continuously working to
advance human resources skills, competencies and
capabilities within the organisation, which are critical
to achieve desired results in line with the strategic
business ambitions. Some key initiatives taken in this
direction during the year under review are
summarised below:
•
Industrial Relations: Your Company consistently
maintained harmonious and peaceful Industrial
relations across all manufacturing units. The
positive environment is largely attributed to the
active participation of employees in the
collective bargaining process. The collaborative
approach has led to a stable and productive
workplace, where both parties work together to
achieve common goals, enhancing overall
efficiency and morale.
-
Signoff 
Negotiation 
of 
Long-Term
Agreement (LTA) with the worker’s union at
Bataganj manufacturing unit in Bihar, was
achieved during the year under review.
-
Successful implementation of VRS for
eligible 
workmen 
at 
Batashatak
manufacturing unit in Tamil Nadu.
-
During the year under review, your Board
approved closure of Southcan Unit in
Karnataka, since VRS was implemented in
its previous financial year.
•
Employee Development and Learning: Your
Company continued to invest in comprehensive
employee development through Bata e-
University for managerial staff and the revitalised
Bata Training Academy for Retail and IHM teams.
Programs like Udaan were celebrated with pan-
India felicitations and the newly launched STEP
UP – Career Elevation Program provided growth
pathways from Store Manager to District
Manager roles.
•
New Headquarters – A Leap into the Future:
As Bata Group marked its 130th anniversary, your
Company inaugurated its state-of-the-art
headquarters at Milestone Experion Centre,
Gurugram. This Platinum LEED and GRIHA-
certified building represents the future of
sustainable, smart and collaborative workspaces.
Embracing Blue Sky Thinking, the space
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 53 ---

30 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
integrates smart technology, wellness-focused
amenities, open working zones and eco-friendly
infrastructure, reinforcing your Company’s
commitment to innovation, sustainability and
employee experience.
•
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging: Your
Company was recognised as one of the Best
Organizations for Women 2025 by ETNOW. As
part of its continued efforts to create a more
inclusive workplace, your Company launched
Project Bharti, a structured initiative to hire,
develop and retain female store managers.
Prestigious accolades such as DivHERsity Award
by HerKey for one of the Top 20 Most Innovative
Women L&D Programs in India and NHRD
Diversity & Inclusion Award were awarded for
exemplary leadership in embedding D&I into
business and culture, further reinforced this
commitment.
Mandatory awareness sessions on Prevention of
Sexual Harassment at Workplace (POSH) were
conducted across locations.
•
Employee Safety & Wellness: A dedicated
Emergency Response Team was activated to
ensure employee safety, with National Safety
Week celebrated across offices.
Under the BeWell at Bata initiative, multiple
wellness sessions and health check-up camps
were organised, including activities for Mental
Health Awareness Month.
•
Talent Acquisition: An AI-powered digital
recruitment platform was launched to enable
efficient and data-driven talent acquisition.
In conclusion, your Company continues to foster a
culture of learning, inclusivity, innovation and well-
being in line with the people-first philosophy. From
strengthening industrial harmony to embracing
cutting-edge digital tools, launching inclusive
initiatives like Project Bharti and unveiling a future-
ready headquarters, the year under review has been
a testimony to the commitment of your Company
to create a workplace where every employee thrives.
As on March 31, 2025, there were 3961 permanent
employees / workers on the rolls of your Company.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT (BRSR)
In compliance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing
Regulations, your Company is pleased to publish its
3rd Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) for the financial year 2024-25, in a fair and
transparent manner, covering the essential indicators
that are required to be reported on a mandatory
basis in the prescribed format. The Report is aligned
with your Company’s approach towards sustainable,
inclusive and resilient development, which is annexed
to the Board’s Report and marked as Annexure – IX.
The BRSR also contains further information on
conservation of energy, technology absorption, R &
D and energy conservation activities of the Company.
The BRSR has been uploaded on the website of the
Company at www.bata.in and is available at the link
https://www.bata.in/bataindia/a-29_s-181_c-42/
investor-relations.html
Annexures forming part of this Report
The Annexures referred to in this Report and other
information which are required to be disclosed are
annexed herewith and form part of this Report:


--- Page 54 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 31
Considering the provisions of Section 136 of the Act,
this Annual Report, excluding the information on
remuneration of employees in terms of Rules 5(2)
and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
(as amended), is being sent to the members of the
Company and others entitled thereto. The said
information would be available for inspection, by
members, at the Registered Office of the Company
or through electronic mode, during business hours
on working days upto the date of the 92nd AGM of
the Company. Any member interested in obtaining
a copy thereof may write in this regard to the
Company Secretary of the Company.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
During the year under review, no transaction or event
took place in relation to other items which are not
applicable to your Company and accordingly, they
have not been separately commented upon.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
There are certain statements which have been made
in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report
describing the estimates, expectations or
predictions, may be read as ‘forward-looking
statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws
and regulations. The actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied. The
important factors that would make a difference to
your Company’s operations include demand-supply
conditions, raw material prices, changes in
Government Policies, Governing Laws, Tax regimes,
Global Economic Developments and other factors
such as litigation and labour negotiations.
Annexure
Particulars
I
Secretarial Audit Report
II
Corporate Governance Report
III
Particulars of Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange
Earnings and Outgo
IV & V
Annual Report on CSR activities and CSR Policy (Salient features)
VI
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
VII & VIII
Disclosures on remuneration of directors and employees of the Company
IX
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Gunjan Dineshkumar Shah
Amit Aggarwal
Place : Gurugram
Managing Director and CEO
Director Finance and CFO
Date : May 28, 2025
DIN: 08525366
DIN: 10825970
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND APPRECIATION
Your Board is thankful to our customers for their
continuous patronage and remains committed to
serving them by delivering more style and comfort
at every step.
Your Board acknowledges with thanks the support
of all business partners, suppliers, vendors,
associates and dealers as well as the regulatory
authorities of the Central and State Governments in
India. Your Board looks forward to their continued
support in the coming years as well.
Your Board is deeply thankful to the investors and
shareholders for their unwavering confidence and
faith. Your Board is also grateful to Bata Shoe
Organization (BSO) for their continuous guidance
and support. Your Board also thanks the
communities, who have reposed their trust in us.
Your Board acknowledges and appreciates the hard
work and commitment by employees, workmen and
staff including the Management headed by the
Executive Directors who worked together as a team
in meeting the challenges of external business
environment and achieving a resilient business
performance. Your Board also places on record its
deep appreciation for the guidance, experience and
wisdom provided by the Independent Directors and
the Non-Executive Directors that helped your
Company to take the appropriate decisions in
progressing towards its business goals.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
