--- Page 262 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 239
Demographic Risk: The Holding Company has used certain mortality and attrition assumptions in valuation of
the liability. The Holding Company is exposed to the risk of actual experience turning out to be worse compared
to the assumption.
Regulatory Risk: Gratuity benefit is paid in accordance with the requirements of the Payment of Gratuity Act,
1972 (as amended from time to time). There is a risk of change in regulations requiring higher gratuity payouts
(e.g. Increase in the maximum limit on gratuity).
Asset Liability Mismatching or Market Risk: The duration of the liability is longer compared to duration of
assets, exposing the Group to market risk for volatilities/fall in interest rate.
Investment Risk: The probability or likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any
particular investment.
29
Contingent liabilities and commitments
A
Contingent liabilities
Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debt include:
Nature
As at
As at
31 March 2025
31 March 2024
Excise, customs and service tax
65.74
65.74
Sales tax and entry tax
5.07
6.64
Employee state insurance
19.00
19.00
Others*
148.12
221.94
Total
237.93
313.32
*Includes cases pertaining to rent, labour, wages, etc.
The category wise brief description of major contingent liabilities has been given below:
Excise, customs and service tax: The claim for excise duty pertain to demand in respect of concessional duty
on sale of goods in domestic tariff area. The customs demand pertain to non-availability of concessional duty
in respect of import of moulds and the service tax demand relate to restriction on availment of credit on
certain input services.
Sales tax and entry tax: The claim pertains to levy of interest on delay in payment of taxes.
Employee state insurance: The claim pertains to demand by the department for payment of contributions for
the period during which the Group had applied for exemption before the concerned authority.
Note:
(a) It is not practicable for the Group to estimate the timing of cash outflow, if any, in respect of the above
pending resolution of the respective proceedings.
(b) The Group does not expect any reimbursements in respect of the above contingent liabilities.
B
Commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed for capital expenditure and not provided for amounting
to INR 361.51 million (31st March 2024 INR 270.89 million).
30
Fair value measurements
The carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities are considered to be same as their fair values.
31
Capital Management
The Group’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to
maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximize shareholder value. In order to maintain or achieve an
optimal capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to shareholders,
issue new shares or buy back issued shares. As at 31st March 2025, the Holding Company has only one class of
equity shares and has no borrowings from banks or financial institutions. Consequent to the above capital structure,
there are no externally imposed capital requirements.
The Holding Company is having borrowings amounting to Nil (31st March 2024 Nil).
Notes to Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2025
(Amounts in INR million; unless otherwise stated)
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
