--- Page 55 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 23
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
preparation of Financial Statements in accordance 
with the applicable legislations and that the 
same are well within the COAs and SOPs, without 
exception. Your Company also monitors, through its 
Internal Audit Team, the requirements of processes 
in order to prevent or timely detect unauthorised 
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s 
Assets which could have a material effect on the 
Financial Statements of the Company. The Internal 
Audit function is responsible to assist the Audit 
Committee and Risk & Compliance Management 
Committee (RCM Committee) on an independent 
basis with a complete review of the risk assessments 
and associated management action plans. 
Risk Management is embedded in the Company’s 
operating framework. Your Company believes that 
risk resilience is key to achieving higher growth. 
To this effect, there is a robust process in place to 
identify key risks across the Company and prioritise 
relevant action plans to mitigate these risks. Risk 
Management framework is reviewed periodically 
which 
includes 
discussing 
the 
management 
submissions on risks, prioritising key risks and 
approving action plans to mitigate such risks. An 
assessment of cyber security has also been carried 
out in compliance with the requirement of the Listing 
Regulations and a mitigation plan has been made to 
counter such risks.  
The Internal Audit Report and Risk Inventory Report 
are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee 
and the RCM Committee respectively. The Chief 
Internal Auditor is a permanent invitee to the Audit 
Committee Meetings and a member of the RCM 
Committee. The Audit Committee advises on various 
risk mitigation exercises on a regular basis. Your 
Company has been maintaining a separate Internal 
Audit Team headed by the Chief Internal Auditor 
appointed by the Audit Committee of your Board.
Further details pertaining to the RCM Committee and 
Meetings held during the year under review are given 
in the Corporate Governance Report. Your Board is 
of the opinion that the Internal Financial Controls, 
affecting the Financial Statements of your Company 
are adequate and are operating effectively.
NON-APPLICABILITY OF MAINTENANCE OF COST 
RECORDS
The Central Government has not prescribed the 
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of 
the Act and Rules framed thereunder with respect to 
the Company’s nature of business. 
MANAGEMENT 
DISCUSSION 
AND 
ANALYSIS 
REPORT 
Industry Structure and Developments
India is globally the second largest footwear 
producer and consumer in the World. The Footwear 
Industry also generates substantial employment 
with nearly 40% of the people employed in the 
Industry being women. The Indian footwear market 
amounted to over USD 23 Billion in 2022, driven by 
demand for branded, premium, trendy yet functional 
and comfortable footwear. 
Economists expect the market to grow at a CAGR 
of 6.7% in 2022-2027 with domestic footwear 
consumption contributing around 90% of indigenous 
manufacturing. Increasing penetration of smart 
phones and internet connectivity is further propelling 
footwear sales. 
Consumer sentiments have revived swiftly from the 
pandemic shock and the domestic footwear market 
is seeing growth. Exponential growth in the domestic 
travel and gradual return of corporate travel have also 
played a significant role in the demand for footwear.
Factors like younger population, rise in standard of 
living, shift from unbranded to branded footwear, 
increasing women workforce participation, increasing 
trend of owing occasion wear and penetration of 
online marketplaces continue to drive demand for 
footwear in India.
Opportunities and Threats
The Indian footwear market continues to remain 
under-penetrated as against the global average. 
Economists 
predict 
the 
per 
capita 
footwear 
consumption to increase to ~2 – 2.1 pairs by 2025 from 
the current consumption of ~1.9 pairs. This would still 
be much below the global average of 3 pairs. 
One major factor contributing to the growth of the 
Indian footwear industry is the increasing demand 
for footwear in the domestic market. The increasing 
population 
and 
rising 
disposable 
income 
of 
consumers are leading to higher purchase of footwear. 
Additionally, 
rising 
smart 
phone 
penetration, 
increasing digital payments and awareness about 
online shopping, better variety and lucrative deals 
offered has led to increase in online sales.
Footwear consumption has evolved from being need-
based to trend-based with women preferring higher 
lifestyle products. With increasing participation 
of women in the workforce and higher incomes, 


--- Page 56 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
24 | Annual Report 2022-23
footwear segment is expected to witness strong 
growth. Women’s and kids segment continue to be 
the fastest-growing categories with increasing share 
in overall footwear market. 
India is at the intersection of sports, fitness, fashion 
and the casualisation of lifestyle. Consumer demand 
for casual footwear is driving growth. Further, within 
the Indian Footwear Industry, the organised footwear 
retail is expected to grow to ~40% of the industry by 
2025 on the back of factors like:
a) 	 Shift in the perception of footwear to a fashion 
statement from a utility product. 
b) 	 Rapid urbanisation, opening of shopping malls 
in Tier 3 - 5 cities, higher aspiration levels for 
branded  products.
c) 	 Digital penetration for branded footwear and 
rising brand awareness through marketing.
d) 	 Emergence of value products and improved 
penetration of EBOs in Tier 3 - 5 cities and smaller 
towns.
e) 	 Increased 
share 
of 
e-commerce 
to 
reach 
customers across varied age and income profiles.
f) 	 Enhancing customer experience. 
g) 	 Surge in demand for sports and athleisure 
footwear with increasing focus towards sports 
and events such as marathons and adventure 
trips. 
However, higher inflation and tightening financial 
conditions in India may impact demand. With 
increasing consumer demand, the rise of e-commerce 
and supportive government policies, the industry 
is expected to experience significant growth in the 
coming years. 
To accelerate growth and expansion, your Company 
continues to work on multiple initiatives - Driving 
Portfolio Evolution, Accelerating Expansion via 
Franchise & Distribution, Marketing Investments, 
Exploding Digital Footprint, Agile & Efficient Supply 
Chain, Staying nimble on costs with Talent, Process, 
Technology investments at the core.
Your Company is working aggressively on increasing 
its presence in Tier 3 - 5 cities through opening of 
franchise stores and distribution network. 
Your Company also has opportunities in the I&D 
business, as Bata is the only player which is present 
across categories and price points. However, the 
competition continues to grow with unorganised 
sector moving into organised space. 
Apart 
from 
the 
above, 
casualisation 
and 
premiumisation of product portfolio, innovation, 
scaling 
up 
digital 
channels 
and 
productivity 
enhancement will continue to be the priority of your 
Company along with investments in our brands and 
stores.
Key Focus Areas
Marketing and Campaigns 
Bata India continues to remain a strong brand in 
the footwear industry by consistently delivering 
on fashion trends with the promise of comfort. 
The strategic growth levers were amplified by your 
Company through extensive research and consumer 
insight-led marketing campaigns. The marketing 
initiatives, focused on delivering the message 
of exceptional value to the customers, helped 
Bata maintain its strong brand image in a highly 
competitive market.
Sneaker culture has become a global phenomenon, 
making inroads into mainstream fashion amongst the 
Gen Z and Millennials. In order to offer a large variety 
to choose from under one roof, your Company 
launched a vibrant and groovy campaign ‘Unlimited 
Sneakers at Bata’ which put forth the proposition 
of 300+ Sneaker styles from 9 brands. The Sneaker 
Studio concept which piloted and was widely 
accepted last year, was rolled out to over 530 Bata 
and Franchise stores during the year under review.  
During the year under review, Bata became the first 
footwear brand in India to bring the disruptive format 
of 3D OOH advertising. Made to engage with the Gen 
Z and Millennials, the hyper-realistic billboard created 
a visually compelling story for Bata’s Sneaker Studio.
We set out to strengthen Bata’s proposition of being 
a fashion-forward brand that offers a fitting blend of 
style and comfort. To resonate with the Gen Z and 
Millennials target audience, Bata’s brand ambassador 
Bollywood actor Ms. Disha Patani became the face of 
the Brand for fashion, casual and sneaker collections. 
Catering to the consumer trends of casualisation, 
we launched the 24x7 Casual Collection with the 
360-degree campaign - ‘It’s Got To Be Bata’ with Ms. 
Disha Patani. Both the collection and the campaign 
derived inspiration from the versatile roles that women 
play today while never compromising on style. 
To strengthen the Brand with young leaders of the 
corporate world, we launched Neo Casuals for Neo 
Leaders campaign highlighting the new casual range 
for Hush Puppies. The campaign was based on 


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 25
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
consumer trends, changes in leadership codes and 
listening to corporate consumers to enhance Bata’s 
resonance and aspirational value among the target 
group. It celebrated the Neo Leaders of today who 
have been at the forefront of propelling positive 
change and inspiring others with their progressive 
and exemplary leadership style. 
During the festive season, ‘Impressions Collection’ 
campaign was derived from the consumer insight 
that great shoes can get one noticed and kick-start 
conversations at get-togethers and parties, leaving 
a lasting impression. Featuring Bollywood’s fashion 
and youth icon Mr. Kartik Aryan, the campaign 
highlighted Bata’s stylish collection for the wedding 
and festive season from brands like Bata, Bata Red 
Label, Marie Claire, Hush Puppies and Naturalizer.
Bata’s digital campaigns and engagement with 
fashion, lifestyle and entrepreneurial influencers 
throughout the year, reached over 250 million 
potential audiences. Bata’s marketing efforts were 
recognised by the industry through awards like 
E4M Pitch for Top 50 Brands and IPRCCA for Best 
Influencer Impact- Social Media/PR & Thought 
Leadership. 
The marketing campaigns successfully positioned 
Bata as a leader in the footwear industry, showcasing 
its 
commitment 
to 
provide 
customers 
with 
comfortable, stylish and versatile footwear.
Consumer Experience
In order to bring innovative ways to engage with the 
audience and integrate technology at every step of 
the consumer journey, your Company renovated 140+ 
stores during the year under review, with upgraded 
music and jukebox innovation that allows shoppers 
to play their favourite songs as they browse the new 
fashion and casual collections. In select stores, 3D 
Holographic Unit, Lift & Learn Technology, Digital 
LED screens and QR codes for online experiences 
were introduced. 
Bata launched the first Augmented Reality Sneaker 
Studio on Bata.in allowing users to try sneakers on 
their feet virtually using AR. It brings an ‘endless aisle’ 
of sneakers to life as customers can superimpose 
shoes on their feet, try multiple options, share 
with their friends and place orders from the same 
interface. Bata was amongst one of the first footwear 
brands to bring these features at such a scale across 
website and stores in India. 
Bata’s latest innovation is the AR Try On feature on 
Bata.in enabling the users to try on different sneaker 
styles virtually by simply selecting the shoe and 
pointing their mobile phone’s camera to their feet.
Innovation - Products
During the year under review, as consumers returned 
to a more balanced lifestyle, with work from office, 
celebrations and socialising back on the agenda, 
your Company presented an equally varied footwear 
assortment for the season. Red Label & Marie Claire 
styles gained market share at retail level, as fashion 
categories witnessed revival in demand, with the 
boom for fitness and outdoor wear normalising that 
emerged during the pandemic.
Sneakers continued to be the dominant category 
for your Company. Futuristic, innovative and more 
premium iterations of Power Brand provided newness, 
while lifestyle inspired North Star looks remained the 
key. XORISE +500 GT with Tunnel system was quite 
a popular style. It delivered - Comfort, Cushioning & 
an amazing rebound with an upper constructed with 
Technical Engineered Mesh and a special outsole 
that provides 50% better traction. 
“Floatz” – a casual, washable and comfortable 
footwear saw extreme popularity as more consumers 
prioritised time spent in nature or at home. During 
the year under review, your Company launched 
Floatz 2.0 collection which comes with a bright dual 
colour sideband, added anatomical support, +50% 
more cushioning and are extremely light-weight and 
flexible.
Your Company maintained its focus on formal wear 
as an increasing number of employers announced 
return-to-office for their workforce. 
Bata Club 
Bata Club continues to be the strongest pillar 
for driving footfall and business. Your Company 
continues to invest in new technology like machine 
learning & AI science to drive propensity modelling, 
cross and same category recommendation and 
optimized one-to-one communication for “Right 
customer at Right time”. Automation of campaigns 
was done on different lifecycle segments to drive 
customers back into stores and online to make a 
repeat purchase and thereby increasing the active 
user base.
More focused approach on data science technologies 
and Omni-channel strategy, led to a 28% increase in 
active user base over the last year.


--- Page 58 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
26 | Annual Report 2022-23
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company operates in Footwear & Accessories 
Segment only and performances of major business 
categories and key brands of your Company 
during the financial year ended March 31, 2023 are 
highlighted below:
Retail Business
Since end of 2021, your Company witnessed 
significant uptick in demand and revitalised its 
operations across geographies. Your Company 
continued its expansion drive through Franchisee & 
COCO Model. The year saw good traction in terms 
of opening of new stores. A total of 116 Franchisee 
Stores were opened during the year under review, 
taking the total to 400+ Franchisee Stores. With 
‘Shop in Shops’ (SIS), your Company made deeper 
forays into major Departmental Stores. Overall store 
count crossed 2000 mark during the year under 
review and is a major milestone in the history of 
your Company. During the year under review, your 
Company renovated 140+ stores.
Enhancement of Customer Experience remained 
at the core of your Company and with continuous 
improvements, a Net Promoter Score of 80 was 
achieved for the year. To improve customer 
experience, your Company introduced New Avatar 
Stores in RED 2.0 Model by renovating stores. 
Bata Shoe Care and Bata Shoe Spa were introduced 
in select stores. Option of Digital receipts were given 
to the customers wherein they can also have visibility 
of the Loyalty program. 
We continued our focus on controlling our costs 
related to retail store expenses and generated 
substantial savings by negotiating rents across our 
stores.
Your Company also focused on creating the right 
environment for team development and training. 
In order to focus our efforts towards that direction, 
your Company launched Step Up program for Store 
Managers, District Managers and Retail Managers. 
We also introduced “Udaan” for the development and 
growth of the Store Sales Teams. The Infinity Incentive 
introduced during the year made sure that store 
teams stay motivated and put their best foot forward. 
We also took a strong step towards improving our 
diversity ratio at all levels within our teams.
Digital Multi-Channel Business
E-commerce business continued its steady growth 
path during the year under review. 
Bata.in platform migration to Salesforce Commerce 
Cloud has stabilised and have started to show 
impact on the business growth. Better merchandise 
assortment display has led to higher ASPs and margin 
improvements. Bata.in also piloted the Chatbot and 
Virtual Try-On launch to provide a better engagement 
and immersive user experience.
In addition, Home Delivery Services initially offered 
only in over 1200 COCO stores, now have been 
extended to select Franchisee stores as well on a 
pilot basis. This will open up the complete product 
catalogue to a Franchisee customer as well. Home 
Delivery continues to contribute around 1 million 
pairs of sales in a year.
B2B business has been steady on Amazon and 
Flipkart with sharp focus on growth opportunities 
across categories and brands. 
Investment in technology integrations improved 
customer experience on Bata.in, Returns and Refunds 
and also led to significant reduction in customer 
complaints.
BATA Comfit Ladies
Comfit Ladies continues to be a promising brand 
in our portfolio offering unparalleled comfort with 
style. Your Company introduced newer generation 
of Active Walk Collection, called Active 2.0. Overall, 
the collection can be divided into Classic and Active, 
wherein Classic has wedges, blocks and the Active 
has chunky white outsoles.
BATA Red Label
Ladies Red Label offers most stylish, trendy run-way 
fashion shoes in various styles featuring colours of 
the season. This brand will also feature the Ethnic 
Collection in various heel heights, heel designs, bridal 
collection colours along with the existing Evening 
Collection.
Hush Puppies
In Hush Puppies, your Company continues to focus 
on technology and comfort as a part of product 
expansion strategy. With introduction of new product 
technologies like Bounce Max, Bounce, Bounce Plus 
and Deep Comfort, the Brand has ensured the right 
blend of technology and comfort. With changing 
consumer trends, Hush Puppies has been increasing 
its focus on casual shoes. In order to meet the 
aspirational lifestyle needs of consumers, the Brand 
has also introduced the premium footwear range 
which has become the epitome of style and comfort.


--- Page 59 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 27
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
The new range for men and women boasts of new 
age casuals, heels and ballerinas in finest quality 
leather, High-end knitted fabrics and soft colorful 
suede for men and women.
The multichannel, Hush Puppies Brand expansion 
is also driven by right consumer traction and right 
wardrobe fitment for the loyal consumer base that 
the Brand enjoys. 
Non-Retail Business 
Your 
Company’s 
non-retail 
business 
division 
comprises of Multi-Brand Outlets, Key Accounts, 
industrial and institutional business divisions and 
exports. With the change in consumer behavior as 
well as Trade Dynamics, we have made changes 
to provide better service to our Trade Partners 
and Consumers. We continue to focus on select 
categories like School and Men’s closed where we 
have advantages and also on casualisation through 
Sneakers. 
Overall health of the business has improved inspite 
of sluggish market and your Company is gaining 
market share.
Bata availability in MBO is now in 1200+ towns 
and 550+ enterprises provide Bata shoes to their 
Employee/Customers through our B2B Division.
Outlook
The current global economic state, inflation and 
rising rentals due to boom in commercial real estate 
market pose challenges to the Indian Footwear 
Market. Your Company continues to keep its pace 
with its customers and evolve in every aspect 
including styles, footwear segments and comfortable 
yet stylish portfolio. 
Customer aspirations are raising towards branded 
products and with opening of shopping malls 
in smaller towns, customers expect the same 
experiences as those in Metros. Adoption of social 
media by youth has given an opportunity to brands 
to reach the consumers directly through targeted 
campaigns. Accordingly, your Company is expanding 
its physical footprint, especially in Tier 3 - 5 cities, 
through MBO route as well as through Franchise 
route and its digital footprint through its own website 
and marketplaces. Your Company is communicating 
with the customers with focus on relevant content 
and to target new audiences on social platforms and 
reach further into Tier 3 - 5 cities. 
Your Company is also working on the brand appeal 
amongst Millennials and the Gen Z. Your Company 
is strategically positioned to harness the present 
challenges, given the strength of its Brand, innovation 
capabilities, retail foothold and growing online 
presence in footwear and accessories category. 
Your Company continues to implement various cost-
savings measures across the network and is actively 
fleshing out new opportunities across the value 
chain to capture the emerging consumer demand 
efficiently.  
With regard to online sales, your Company expects 
to see its digital sales outpace overall growth and 
plans to have a robust approach whether it is through 
D2C channel, E-commerce platforms or Omni-
channel approaches—which are a big hit amongst 
the customers.
Risks and Concerns and Contingent Liabilities
Your Company acknowledges the footwear industry 
is undergoing transformation. Customer needs & 
expectations from footwear industry, purchasing 
channels and buying habits have evolved. New 
expectations around customer experience/ product 
discoverability are influencing business growth drivers 
and key initiatives. Your Company acknowledges 
the fact that competition from both domestic and 
international players, especially at the bottom of the 
pyramid, is increasing with every passing day.
Your Company acknowledges that continuous 
evolution of the product portfolio mix is required 
to maintain relevance of Bata Brand amongst 
Millennials and the Gen Z. Your Company also 
realises that modernisation of I.T. systems alongwith 
having suitable protection from risk of loss / theft 
of data / other vulnerabilities is a key requirement 
for business continuity and continuous customer 
service. Your Company continuously adapts to 
comply with relevant changes in the Government 
laws and policies to minimise any adverse impact 
on sales, cost and operations. Your Company also 
monitors external factors such as raw material prices, 
inflation and other geo-political factors to assess and 
mitigate any adverse effect on business and results 
of operations.
Your Company monitors its major risks and concerns 
at regular intervals. Appropriate steps are taken in 
consultation with all concerned including the RCM 
Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board to 
identify and mitigate such risks. 
During the normal course of its business operations, 
your Company has been subjected to litigations 


--- Page 60 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
28 | Annual Report 2022-23
in connection with or incidental thereto. These 
litigations include civil cases, excise and customs 
related cases, etc. filed by and against the Company. 
These cases are being pursued with due importance 
and in consultation with legal experts in respective 
areas. Your Board believes that the outcome of 
these cases is unlikely to cause a materially adverse 
effect on the Company’s profitability or business 
performance. Your Company has a Contingent 
Liability of Rs. 390.56 Million as on March 31, 2023 as 
compared to Rs. 828.37 Million as on March 31, 2022. 
Attention is drawn to the explanations mentioned in 
Note No. 29 of the Notes to Financial Statements for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2023. In view of the 
present status and based on legal advice obtained 
from time to time, your Board is of the opinion that 
no provision is required to be made against these 
Contingent Liabilities.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
A separate paragraph on internal control systems 
and their adequacy has been provided elsewhere in 
the Board’s Report.
Discussion on financial performance
The Earnings per Share (EPS - Basic and Diluted) of 
your Company for the financial year ended March 
31, 2023 was at Rs. 24.83 as compared to the (EPS 
- Basic and Diluted) for the previous financial year 
ended March 31, 2022 at Rs. 7.85. Your Company 
recorded an EBITDA margin of 22.91% during the 
financial year under review as compared to 17.41% 
during the financial year 2021-22.
Your Company does not have any Bank Borrowings 
and the entire capital expenditure has been funded 
through internal sources.
The Capital Expenditure incurred during the year 
under review amounted to Rs. 957.85 Million as 
compared to Rs. 491.73 Million in the previous year.
Details of significant changes in key financial ratios alongwith explanation 
In compliance with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, the key financial ratios of the Company 
alongwith explanation for significant changes (i.e., for change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately 
previous financial year) has been provided hereunder:
Sl. No.
Particulars
2022-23
2021-22
(i)
Debtors to Sales (in days) 
8
12
(ii)
Inventory to Turnover Ratio (in months)
1.71
1.50
(iii)
Interest Coverage Ratio*
4.60
1.87
(iv)
Current ratio
1.95
2.44
(v)
Debt Equity Ratio**
0.87
0.60
(vi)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
14.37
7.28
(vii)
Net Profit Margin (%)
9.2
4.2
(viii)
Return on Net worth (%)
22.3
5.6
* There is no borrowing in the Company. However, Finance cost includes interest expenses accounted for 
various deposits in accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments and interest expense accounted on 
various lease contracts in accordance with Ind AS 116. 
** Leases has been considered as debts.
The significant changes over previous year across all ratios is due to higher sales & profitability, faster 
realisations and improvement in consumer sentiments and return to normalcy post lifting of lockdowns 
restrictions. Return on Net worth is also higher due to decrease in Other Equity on account of payment of 
Special Dividend during the financial year under review. For detailed explanation, please refer to Note no. 36 
of the Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2023.
The other financial ratios of the Company relating to previous 10 years has been provided in other part of 
Annual Report 2022-23.  


--- Page 61 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 29
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Material developments in the human resource 
/ industrial relations front, including number of 
people employed
Your Company has been continuously working to 
advance human resources skills, competencies and 
capabilities within the organisation, which are critical 
to achieve desired results in line with our strategic 
business ambitions. Some key initiatives that have 
been taken in this direction during the year under 
review are summarised below:
Employee Engagement
• Bata Founders Day – Commemorating the day 
when Bata as a company in its global presence 
first got registered commercially, we celebrated 
the month of September 2022 with various 
interventions across all locations in India. The 
theme of the celebrations was “giving back to 
society” and valuing the contributions of our 
employees. In the true spirit of the celebration, 
we felicitated our employees with “Long Service 
Awards”. 
• Fam Jam for Bata Employees – In continuation 
of our journey to make Bata as employer by 
choice, “Fam Jam” was celebrated in March 2023, 
wherein we rejoiced and thanked the families 
of Bata employees for the continued support 
to their members who dedicatedly work for the 
organisation, making it a success story. 
• Sports Tournament – With an aim to build a 
stronger One Team connects, a Cricket match, 
Volleyball & Carrom Board match were organised 
for the Bata team in factories.
• Health Check-up Camp – With a view to scrutiny 
the health of Bata workers, medical checkup 
camps were organised. We also organised 
Covid booster Vaccination dose camp for Bata 
employees.
Customer Centricity
• Win as One, # Be Bold – National Retail Summit 
and rewards event was organised to felicitate and 
reward employees whose exemplary contribution 
and dedication has led the organisation to strive 
ahead and succeed. The event also showcased 
the achievement and the path forward to scale up 
the ladder of aspiration and growth. 
Digitisation – Performance Management 
The journey of digitisation for the HR processes started 
about 8 years ago. During the year under review, the 
onboarding of SAP - SF took place and the PMGM 
Module went live which covers Annual Performance 
Review process & Goal Setting 2023. This greatly 
eased the entire process of review, right from the 
Employee to the Manager. Features like ‘Employee 
Acknowledgements’ on completed appraisal, ‘Get 
Feedback’ 
from 
cross 
functional 
stakeholders, 
upload of supporting documents, etc. have resulted 
in creating higher transparency, reduced manual 
intervention and greater empowerment to the teams.
Implementation of other modules such as SAP-
SF, 
namely, 
Employee 
Central, 
Compensation 
Modules, Succession & Development and Recruiting 
Management are planned for ensuing years.
Training, Learning & Development
Learning & Development
Based on Bata employee survey and feedback, one 
of the key initiatives for Bata was to enhance the 
Learning & Development initiatives. Accordingly, 
your Company launched its online Learning Platform 
for key talents in December 2022. The platform in 
association with Skillsoft Percipio has been launched 
under our L&D framework “The Bata e-University”. 
BATA e-University marks an important milestone as 
it will support individual talent needs in diverse areas 
aligned to Bata’s long-term learning and aspirations 
through one single platform for all L&D needs, under 
three L&D pillars, Functional Capabilities, Behavioral 
Capabilities and Leadership Development. 
Career Management
• 	 Internal Growth - Internal Job Postings and Internal 
movements remained focus areas to support the 
business with opportunities for our employees to 
learn, perform and grow within the organisation. 
STEP UP and Career Ladder programs for the 
store teams were continued with Assessment 
Centers assessing Bata Competencies.
• 	 Agile Workforce - Keeping in mind the changing 
aspects and working environment of business, we 
continued the journey with a growth delta in a 
Flexible working model for offering better agility, 
flexible timings and enhanced customer service 
basis business requirements. This model also 
supports our frontline store operations.
• 	 Leadership Development - Flagship programs - 
Bata Leader and Bata Highflyers were introduced 
in 
collaboration 
with 
Schlageter 
Institute, 
Germany to address the development needs 
of High Performing employees. This program 


--- Page 62 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
30 | Annual Report 2022-23
focuses on both building leadership competencies 
(behavioural) facilitated by Schlagers International 
Coaches as well as functional session facilitated 
by BATA Subject Matter Experts. The training has 
been created keeping in mind a blended design 
with classroom sessions, VLTs webinars and 
adopt an experiential learning methodology.
Diversity & Inclusion
•	 Your Company maintained its focus on the agenda 
of Diversity & Inclusion across the organisation. 
With the vision of having more diverse workforce, 
Bata has been rigorously working towards hiring 
a diverse talent pool. 
•	 Your Company is committed to providing a 
work environment, free from harassment of any 
kind and in particular, a work environment that 
has zero tolerance for sexual harassment. We 
conducted ‘Prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace (POSH)’ virtual awareness sessions for 
all employees at a Pan India level.
Industry Recognition
•	 Your Company has been recognised as one of the 
“Best Organizations for Women for 2023” at the 
‘Economic Times Best Organizations for Women 
Conclave 2023 - Powered by Femina’. Economic 
Times along with their research partner evaluated 
a universe of 1000 brands that met atleast 80% of 
the qualifying criteria and Bata India received the 
recognition basis the research studies.
•	 Bataganj Factory was recognised with “Best 
Employee Award” on the occasion of May 
Day and Shram Kalyan Diwas from the Labour 
Department.
•	 3 Awards at UBS Forums – Bata’s CSR Model for 
Implementation was awarded the Best CSR Model 
of the Year Award, Best COVID Response for our 
Initiatives in Covid and Bata’s Stride with Pride 
Initiative was Recognised as Innovative Project of 
the year.
Industrial Relations 
Industrial relations across all the manufacturing 
units of your Company have been harmonious and 
peaceful with active involvement of the employees 
in the collective bargaining process. Your Company 
has also encouraged wholehearted participation of 
the employees and union in improving productivity 
as well as quality of its products.
As on March 31, 2023, there were 4421 permanent 
employees on the rolls of your Company. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
There are certain Statements which have been made 
in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
describing the estimates, expectations or predictions, 
may be read as ‘forward-looking statements’ within 
the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. 
The actual results may differ materially from 
those expressed or implied. The important factors 
that would make a difference to the Company’s 
operations include demand-supply conditions, raw 
material prices, changes in Government Policies, 
Governing Laws, Tax regimes, Global Economic 
Developments and other factors such as litigation 
and labour negotiations.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT (BRSR) 
In compliance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing 
Regulations, read with the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/
HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 dated May 10, 2021, 
your Company is pleased to publish its 1st Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) for 
the year 2022-23, in a fair and transparent manner, 
covering the essential indicators that are required 
to be reported on a mandatory basis. The Report 
is aligned with your Company’s approach towards 
sustainable, inclusive and resilient development, 
which is annexed to the Board’s Report and marked 
as Annexure – IX. The BRSR has been uploaded on 
the website of the Company at www.bata.in and is 
available at the link https://www.bata.in/bataindia/a-
29_s-181_c-42/investor-relations.html
Annexures forming part of this Report
The Annexures referred to in this Report and other 
information which are required to be disclosed are 
annexed herewith and form part of this Report:
