--- Page 66 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
39
CONFIRMATION OF COMPLIANCE ON PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE
Your Company is committed to provide a safe and secure environment to its women employees across its functions and other 
women stakeholders, as they are considered as integral and important part of the organization.
In terms of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (as amended) 
and Rules framed thereunder, your Company has duly adopted a Policy and has also complied with the provisions relating to 
the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee (ICC).  A summary of the complaints dealt during the financial year ended 
March 31, 2021 in terms of the said Act and Rules framed thereunder has been provided in the Corporate Governance Report 
which forms part of this Annual Report.
Your Company has been conducting awareness campaign across all its manufacturing units, warehouses, retail stores and 
office premises to encourage its employees to be more responsible and alert while discharging their duties. 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS
Your Company’s internal financial control ensures that all assets of the Company are properly safeguarded and protected, 
proper prevention and detection of frauds and errors and all transactions are authorized, recorded and reported appropriately. 
Your Company operates through definitive Chart of Authorities (COAs) and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) in respect 
of its operations including financial transactions. Such COAs and SOPs are regularly monitored and if required, modified from 
time to time depending on business requirements.
Your Company has an adequate system of internal financial controls commensurate with its size and scale of operations, 
procedures and policies, ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company’s policies, 
safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of accounting records, 
and timely preparation of reliable financial information.
Such practice provides reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Financial 
Statements in accordance with the applicable legislations and that the same are well within the COAs and SOPs, without 
exception. Your Company also monitors through its Internal Audit Team the requirements of processes in order to prevent 
or timely detect unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s Assets which could have a material effect 
on the Financial Statements of the Company. The Internal Audit function is responsible to assist the Audit Committee and 
Risk & Compliance Management Committee (RCM Committee) on an independent basis with a complete review of the risk 
assessments and associated management action plans. 
Risk Management is embedded in the Company’s operating framework. Your Company believes that risk resilience is key 
to achieving higher growth. To this effect, there is a robust process in place to identify key risks across the Company and 
prioritize relevant action plans to mitigate these risks. Risk Management framework is reviewed periodically which includes 
discussing the management submissions on risks, prioritising key risks and approving action plans to mitigate such risks. An 
assessment of cyber security has also been carried out in compliance with the requirement of the Listing Regulations and a 
mitigation plan has been made to counter such risks.  
The Internal Audit Report and Risk Inventory Report are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee and the RCM Committee 
respectively. The Chief Internal Auditor is a permanent invitee to the Audit Committee Meetings and a member of the RCM 
Committee. The Audit Committee advises on various risk mitigation exercises on a regular basis. Your Company has been 
maintaining a separate Internal Audit Team headed by the Chief Internal Auditor appointed by the Audit Committee of your Board.
Further details pertaining to the RCM Committee and Meetings held during the year under review are given in the Corporate 
Governance Report. Your Board is of the opinion that the Internal Financial Controls, affecting the Financial Statements of 
your Company are adequate and are operating effectively.
NON-APPLICABILITY OF MAINTENANCE OF COST RECORDS
The Central Government has not prescribed the maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1) of the Act and Rules 
framed thereunder with respect to the Company’s nature of business. 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 
Industry structure and developments
India is the second-largest producer of footwear and third-largest footwear consumer globally. Economists predicted India to 
become a favourable market for fashion retailers on the back of a large young adult consumer base and increasing disposable 


--- Page 67 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
40
income. Luxury retailing is also gaining importance in India. This includes fragrances, gourmet retailing, accessories and 
jewellery among many others. This momentum of the footwear market in India, on the back of growing demand for trendy, 
fancy and comfortable footwear among the youth of the Country, however, has been disturbed by the massive shock of the 
coronavirus pandemic and the shutdown measures to contain it.
Global economy has plunged by a severe contraction and Global growth is projected at 6% in 2021, moderating to 4.4% 
in 2022. Except stores selling essential commodities, most other stores were shut down across the Country for nearly two 
months in the year under review and were operating under checkered conditions for the rest of the year. Even today, partial 
lockdowns or restrictive conditions continue to impact retail store operations. The pandemic also led to non-reopening of 
Schools which impacted sales of school shoes.
Even with the aggressive Covid-vaccination drives, the consumer sentiment would take some time to revive. Though there 
is a shift of focus to e-commerce, it currently accounts for more than 4% of the Country’s overall food and grocery, fashion, 
consumer electronics retail trade.
The industry is witnessing an upward revision and anticipates a vaccine-powered recovery in the second half of 2021-22, 
however, there may remain a subdued economic activity in non-essential retail business. High uncertainty surrounds this 
outlook, due to the pandemic, to the speed of vaccine-powered normalization and the evolution of financial conditions.
Under the “New Normal” as India Inc. shifted to “Work From Home” and with socialising becoming a rare occasion, shoppers 
are purchasing casual and comfortable open footwear. 
The silver lining, however, is the increasing awareness of health, thereby driving the demand for sports footwear. The retail 
footwear business is expected to improve gradually as economic activity is improving.
Opportunities and Threats 
The retail sector in India is emerging as one of the largest sectors in the economy. It contributes 10% to GDP and 8% to 
employment. The total market size of Indian retail industry stood at US$ 950 billion in 2018 and is forecast to reach US$ 1,200 
billion by 2021 and US$ 1,750 billion by 2026. India is poised to become a favourable market for fashion retailers given the 
following growth drivers for retail:
1.	 Favourable demographics
2.	 Rise in income and purchasing power
3.	 Change in consumer mindset
4.	 Brand consciousness
5.	 Easy consumer credit and increase in quality products
India is the fifth largest preferred retail destination globally. The sector is experiencing exponential growth, with retail 
development taking place not just in major cities and metros, but also in tier II and tier III cities.
India ranked 73rd in the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development's Business-to-Consumer (B2C) E-commerce 
Index 2019. Online penetration of retail is expected to reach 10.7% by 2024 versus 4.7% in 2019. The government’s focus to 
improve digital infrastructure in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets would be favourable to the sector.
To resume the growth path, your Company is taking necessary steps such as expanding its e-commerce footprint making 
deliveries in over 1100 cities, rolling out its omni-channel home delivery across 1200+ stores and giving customers the 
option to shop from homes via WhatsApp chat with our neighbourhood stores. Your Company is continuously working on 
various cost-optimisation measures including rental renegotiation, closure of unviable stores and digitalisation drive across 
the organization, etc., to eliminate redundancies. Your Company continues to focus on stylish, comfortable and durable quality 
products so as to be ahead of competition. 
Your Company is also working aggressively on increasing its reach to customers in Tier 3/4/5 cities through opening of 
franchise stores. Due to strong legacy and Brand recall, your Company has been witnessing increasing interest for opening 
of franchise stores. 
Your Company also has opportunities in the I&D business, as Bata is the only player which is present across categories and 
price points. However, the competition continues to grow with unorganized sector moving into organized space.
“Bata Ladies” and “Comfit” categories maintained good momentum. With changing lifestyle and focus on personal health, your 


--- Page 68 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
41
Company is optimistic about its brand “Power” which has seen good demand uptake in the last year. Another opportunity in 
the current scenario is the preference of consumers towards more “comfortable” rather high fashion footwear. Your Company 
is uniquely placed to take advantage of this trend with its aspirational brand image especially in the Comfortable and Trusted 
footwear arena, wide range of recognized brands, upgraded online experience and unparalleled retail footprint.
Key Focus Areas
Marketing and Campaigns 
As India experienced one of the strictest lockdowns, we promptly ensured and facilitated a seamless transition to Work-
from-Home. As a responsible brand we adopted a humane approach and continued to motivate our customers, employees, 
stakeholders and society at large to stay homebound and follow the guidelines mandated by the government through committed 
campaigns such as #ParkYourShoes and #StayActiveWithPower that highlighted our spirit of resilience and empathy.
Bata’s agile marketing strategy continued to evolve and with offices being shut across the Country as India Inc. started working 
from home, we started witnessing more traction for casual and active wear. Accordingly, we rolled out especially curated 
collections like Work From Home range, Easy Wash collection, and Fitness at Home range. With consumers shopping for 
more casuals and sneakers, we brought in younger brands like North Star, Hush Puppies, Red Label and Power to the front 
in our stores and created new zones such as Sneaker Studio and Neo Casuals. We also enhanced our products offerings to 
address the changed consumer needs. We designed, developed and marketed a range of antiviral and antibacterial masks 
under Power, Northstar, BBG & HP brands, which was very well-received by the customers. 
During the festive season, we launched our new campaign ‘Kick Out 2020’ – along with our new collection, ‘Ready Again’. 
We also launched a SneakerFest campaign that helped increase awareness & sales of our key brands under the sneakers’ 
portfolio. Both these campaigns resonated well with consumers, as they helped in uplifting overall consumer sentiment, 
footfalls and sales. Keeping in mind our millennial and Gen-Z customer base, we also on-boarded Kartik Aaryan, India’s 
heartthrob and fashion icon as the new brand ambassador. With gradual opening of the market and improving consumer 
sentiments in the beginning of 2021, Bata launched its new campaign “Relaxed Work Wear” featuring Kartik Aaryan and 
showcasing the most comfortable footwear both semi formals and formals that our customers would need once they move 
back to their work places. To further strengthen Bata’s fashion credentials, we continued our association with “Lakme Fashion 
week” during which the Brand Marie Claire was relaunched and the designers talked about their love for the Bata Brand and 
how surprised they were to see Bata’s new avatar.   
Our digital marketing content has always tried to touch a chord with the customers with focus on relevant content along their 
digital journey. We further upped the ante this year with strong marketing on the marketplaces like Amazon, Myntra and 
Flipkart along with our own channel Bata.in. This helped us connect with new audiences on the platforms and reach further 
into Tier 2 and Tier 3 towns.  
Innovation - Products
We understand the importance of innovation in designing and creating our Collections. The successful implementation of 
new ideas and technologies is crucial to our business and gives Bata a competitive advantage over other brands in the 
marketplace.
In 2020, we have seen the growth of home wear footwear and specific products developed ad hoc to address consumer 
needs during the pandemic. Volume flip flops and eva fabricated articles led the way and clocked significant jump in pairs 
and turnover. The innovation rate grew at its highest ever – 17.3% - driven by comfort and healthy technologies like Cushion 
Soft, Ortholite & Life Natural antibacterial. Our Design and Development efforts were focused on Athleisure & Comfort Casual 
Collections across various brands – Power, North star, Bata and Comfit in order to address the vast changing consumer 
needs in this segment.
We designed, developed and launched a very successful collection of antiviral and antibacterial Masks under Power, Northstar, 
BBG & HP brands, which sold over 200,000 units throughout the year – June 2020 to March 2021.
An immense effort lead to our widest Product Cost saving initiative – Refuel – with Key initiatives, such as Material 
Standardization, Material Localization, Material Substitution, Product Re engineering and Process Optimization. All Initiatives 
have been validated by Consumers, Lab tests and Wear Tests.
Innovation - Channels
The lockdowns posed a huge challenge for the entire retail industry and also for BATA and innovation was the need of the 
hour. Based on the understanding of the new consumer behaviour, we quickly launched multiple new business models: “Bata 


--- Page 69 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
42
Chat Shop” – where a customer can do a call/chat with his nearby neighbourhood store manager over WhatsApp and then 
get the product home delivered within few hours;  “Bata Store-on-Wheels” – where we set up mobile kiosks inside societies / 
residential complexes and took the store at the customers’ doorstep. These initiatives saw a great traction and received very 
positive feedback from our customers.
Customer Care Initiatives
Customer Centricity has always been at the forefront for Bata India. There is a dedicated customer service team to ensure 
that customers don’t face any inconvenience and their concerns are addressed in a time-bound and effective way. During the 
year under review, the focus was primarily to pivot the Customer Service function keeping in mind the new consumer buying 
behaviour & the subsequent post sales expectations. This involved defining the end-to-end consumer journeys and identifying 
the key pillars of change. Multiple new initiatives were rolled out – we implemented a new CRM Ticketing tool (FreshWorks) 
which is integrated with multiple other internal systems to automate Customer Service operations, implementation of refund 
automation solutions, new Contact Center partner with better technology solutions.
Bata Club 
Given the pandemic and consequent lockdown and unlock situation, Bata Club strategy had to be pivoted. Dedicated 
campaigns were run to inform and invite Club members to Bata Stores post unlock: we highlighted our 20+ safety checklist 
followed at stores, and gave the members special bonus points & offers to drive repeat. Nearby store locator journeys (along 
with Store contact number) were configured on WhatsApp to make it easier for a consumer to locate their nearby open stores. 
Another key objective was to accelerate adoption of our own e-shop (bata.in) among Club members – profile enrichment drive 
& email campaigns were scaled up significantly to increase awareness and drive traffic to bata.in from existing Club member 
base. 
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company operates in Footwear & Accessories Segment only and performances of major business categories and key 
brands of your Company during the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are highlighted below:
Retail Business
India experienced one of the strictest Lockdown across the world and all our stores, factories & offices were closed from 
March end till May 2020. In line with our ethos and values, our teams on ground displayed tremendous agility, ingenuity, grit, 
and resilience which helped us chart out the road for recovery. Your company went through a phased strategy of survive, 
revive, revitalize & thrive in financial year under review in order to face the challenges of the pandemic and come out of it. 
We conducted extensive training for our store teams and prepared a detailed 27-point safety SOP for our store openings, our 
store teams worked relentlessly to ensure Bata stores were one of the first to reopen post the lockdown & it also ensured that 
we had minimal impact on our store operations post end of lock-down. We also extended helping hand of our store teams to 
local communities & contributed towards rehabilitation activities.  
We increased digitalization of our internal communication channel & conducted multiple calls & townhalls to keep the teams 
on ground motivated & connected during lockdown & post lockdown period & also scaled up ‘I Grow’, a digital learning 
platform for retail team which had over 2 lac hours of learning.
We also focused on controlling our costs related to retail store expenses and generated more than Rs. 110 crores of savings 
by negotiating rents across 1000+ stores & closing 75 unviable stores.
Your Company was quick to develop new business channels in line with changing consumer behavior. For Digital Adopters 
and Digital Novices, we rolled out innovative solutions like Bata ChatShop, a WhatsApp shopping, Bata Store on Wheels, 
and Bata Home Delivery, which enabled easier & safe shopping experience for our customers even as the pandemic raged 
on. The sales though digitally enabled channels grew 3 times in the last one year, contributing 15% of our total sales which is 
considered one of the best in the industry. Today 60% of marketplaces orders are delivered via our stores, powered by omni-
channel technologies. 
Your Company enabled multiple tech initiatives at the store level such as Contact-less payments, Find a Pair, Find my size, 
QR code scanning, Bata Loyalty Program, store updates on Google etc., which improved the overall customer experience & 
safety.
With surging numbers of Covid cases in metros and prolonged lockdowns, there was an emergence of market for branded 
products in tier 3-5 cities. We quickly tapped into the opportunity and expanded our retail network through Franchise operations. 


--- Page 70 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
43
We opened a total of 64 franchise stores after the pandemic struck, taking the total to 82 new Red 2.0 stores in the year. We 
also started our association with 3 Departmental Store Chains & started Bata Shop in Shops at 38 location in order to attract 
incremental customer base of them.
Digital Multi-Channel Business
E-commerce business maintained steady growth during the year under review. We sold more than 2.4 Million pairs of footwear 
through online channels and achieved a turnover of Rs. 1522 Million. Launch of Endless Aisle, that connected retail store 
inventory to online website with technical integration, has multiplied the business potential by manifold. Bata India now ships 
more than 96% of orders received from Bata.in through its stores. Tools like WMS & Marketplace integration were put in place 
to scale up our marketplace operations. Advancing to Auto Replenishment lets the online stocks replenished for e-commerce 
the way retail stores are replenished with inventory on a regular basis.
In addition, Launch of Bata Home Delivery Services in over 1200 stores allows store staff to place orders on customer’s behalf 
if the article of their choice is not available in the store and retain customers, who otherwise would have walked out of our 
stores due to non-availability of size and color.
B2B business has been steady on Amazon and Flipkart. Focus has been on improving secondary sales on these platforms 
which in turn improves primary business. Rigorous marketing campaigns including Cost per Click (CPC) and Cost per Million 
Impressions (CPM) were launched while diligently participating in brand specific and category specific events for increased 
Brand visibility. Tech integrations like Return and Exchange Functionality improved customer experience on Bata.in, thus 
reducing customer complaints. Thus, your Company has also focused on Technology upgradation to make internal processes 
robust and strengthen the serviceability.
Hush Puppies
In Hush Puppies, we continued our approach of communicating about technology, with introduction of new product technologies 
like Bounce Max, Bounce and Bounce Plus. Given the pandemic spanning through the year, we focused on essentials 
in addition to consistent communication around bounce technology, with focus on reactivating brand social media assets. 
Campaigns were promoted through various touch points covering Retail, activations, digital and PR.
Hush Puppies has been the go-to brand for formal wear but with the new bounce technology collection, it introduced a large 
variety in causal styles and a vibrant range of colors. The collection is a perfect addition to wardrobe with a variety of styles 
that can be paired up for modern work attires to on-the-go ensembles to trendy weekend looks.
The new range for men and women comes with smart sneakers, pumps and ballerinas in smooth-grain leather, knitted fabrics 
and soft colorful suede for men and women. The collection boasts of athletic-inspired comfort combined with elevated tailored 
styling that allows for more wearing occasions than an average shoe choice.
Comfort has been Hush Puppies’ DNA and with Bounce Plus, the brand is taking the comfort quotient a notch higher. For 
customers looking for footwear having performance features of today, Bounce Plus collection brings casual styles infused with 
technology to keep up with consumers’ hustling lifestyle.
Naturalizer
American shoe brand Naturalizer has been a pioneer in designing shoes specifically suited to the contours of women’s feet 
since 1927. After successfully launching its exclusive stores in multiple international cities like New York, Chicago, Toronto 
& Dubai, Naturalizer has launched its flagship store in India at DLF Promenade Mall, New Delhi and a second store at DLF 
Avenue, Saket. Our further expansion of EBO’s took a pause given the pandemic situation. Designed in New York and 
adorned by working women, ‘the shoe with the beautiful fit’ has been retailing exclusively in India at 50 Bata stores across 4 
cities for almost a decade.
Our Concept stores in India have been launched basis the New York, 5th Avenue store of the brand, carefully cultivated to 
reflect brand’s heritage while incorporating modern elements to offer the ultimate brand experience designed specifically with 
customers in mind. The objective behind this store launch is to reach the loyal customer base while creating the ultimate 
destination for discovery through a strong retail showcase and experiential marketing.
The Naturalizer collection serves well to the modern-day women for all day comfort as the patented N5 comfort technology 
with unmatched ease. The collection flaunts countless styles ranging from pumps, mules, chunky soles and heels. The 
brand’s design philosophy resonates with modern aesthetics combined with textures from their own archives and finds ways 
to incorporate them in the new collections.


--- Page 71 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
44
Non-Retail Business 
Your Company’s non-retail business division comprises of Multi-Brand Outlets, Key Accounts, industrial and institutional 
business divisions and exports. We improved our Customer Service by streamlining supply chain, enhanced Quality of 
products across categories and trained the team to handle market challenges. Our focus on few Categories gave us very 
good traction with Consumer inspite of COVID-19. The business revenue bounced back post Covid and started growing in 
last 2 quarters of the financial year under review. Bata availability in MBO is now in 800+ towns and about 400 enterprises 
provide Bata shoes to their Employee/Customers through our B2B Division.  
Outlook
The current economic state, challenging retail environment and new waves of pandemic pose  threats to businesses across 
all sectors. The Country wide lockdowns and the “New Normal” has lead to fundamental shift in customer behaviour and retail 
businesses in particular. Your Company is focused on “Survive, Revive, Revitalise and Thrive” strategy and is constantly 
monitoring the store level performance, driving sales through online channels and cost optimisation across all functions. Your 
Company is strategically positioned to harness the present challenges, given the strength of its Brand, innovation capabilities, 
retail foothold and growing online presence in footwear and accessories category. 
Risks and Concerns and Contingent Liabilities
Your Company acknowledges the fact that competition from both domestic and international players is increasing every 
passing day. In addition to increasing competition, the changing customer’s behaviour and impact of online marketing initiatives 
have an effect on your Company’s performance since your Company has a huge network of retail stores Pan India. With the 
opportunity for employment, gradually increasing people / talent retention is considered as a challenge. Your Company also 
realizes that modernization of I.T. systems along with having suitable protection from risk of loss / theft of data is one of the 
major areas of concern globally. Your Company monitors its major risks and concerns at regular intervals. Appropriate steps 
are taken in consultation with all concerned including the RCM Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board to identify 
and mitigate such risks.
During the normal course of its business operations, your Company has been subjected to litigations in connection with 
or incidental thereto. These litigations include civil cases, excise and customs related cases, etc. filed by and against the 
Company. These cases are being pursued with due importance and in consultation with legal experts in respective areas. 
Your Board believes that the outcome of these cases is unlikely to cause a materially adverse effect on the Company’s 
profitability or business performance. Your Company has a Contingent Liability of Rs. 411.65 Million as on March 31, 2021 
as compared to Rs. 412.36 Million as on March 31, 2020. Attention is drawn to the explanations mentioned in Note No. 30 of 
the Notes to Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2021. In view of the present status and based on 
legal advice obtained from time to time, your Board is of the opinion that no provision is required to be made against these 
Contingent Liabilities.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
A separate paragraph on internal control systems and their adequacy has been provided elsewhere in the Board’s Report.
Discussion on financial performance
The operations and consequential financial performance of the Company remained impacted throughout the year under 
review due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
The Earnings per Share (EPS-Basic and Diluted) of your Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 was at 
(Rs. 7.02) as compared to the (EPS-Basic and Diluted) for the previous financial year ended March 31, 2020 at Rs. 25.44. 
Your Company recorded EBITDA margin of 9.17% during the financial year under review as compared to 27.17% during the 
financial year 2019-20. 
Your Company does not have any Bank Borrowings and the entire capital expenditure has been funded through internal 
sources.
The Capital Expenditure incurred during the year under review amounted to Rs 343.18 Million as compared to Rs. 899.23 
Million in the previous year.
Details of significant changes in key financial ratios alongwith explanation 
In compliance with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, the key financial ratios of the Company along with explanation 


--- Page 72 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
45
for significant changes (i.e., for change of 25% or more as compared to the immediately previous financial year will be termed 
as ‘significant changes’), has been provided hereunder:
Sl. No.
Particulars
2020-21
2019-20
(i)
Debtors to Sales (in days) 
17
7
(ii)
Inventory to Turnover Ratio (in months)
2.81
3.43
(iii)
Interest Coverage Ratio
(0.70)
4.54
(iv)
Current ratio
2.61
2.50
(v)
Debt Equity Ratio*
-
-
(vi)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
(4.25)
17.49
(vii)
Net Profit Margin (%)
(5.29)
10.64
(viii)
Return on Net worth (%)
(5.13)
17.13
* There is no borrowing in the Company. However, Finance cost includes interest expenses accounted for various deposits in 
accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments and interest expense accounted on various lease contracts in accordance 
with Ind AS 116, Leases. 


The significant changes over previous year across all ratios is due to lower sales, slower realisations, stores remaining 
closed due to lockdowns and other economic disruptions caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
The other financial ratios of the Company relating to previous 10 years has been provided in other part of Annual Report 
2020-21.  
Material developments in human resource / industrial relations front, including number of people employed
Your Company has been continuously working to improve human resources skills, competencies and capabilities within the 
Company, which are critical to achieve desired results in line with our strategic business ambitions. Some key initiatives that 
have been taken during the Financial Year 2020-21 in this direction are summarized below:
Employee Engagement 
-	
Employee Recognition – This year considering the pandemic, various initiatives on employee recognition were 
undertaken:


COVID Heroes - A new initiative to recognize exemplary work in the management and support of COVID programs 
was launched called COVID Heroes Awards, to recognize employees who went over and above the call of the duty 
during the pandemic lockdown – some of the recognitions centred around employees who supported the organization 
in their respective areas or gave back to the society in their personal capacity, other nominations were around work 
done to support communities in & around our factories e.g. face masks and shields making, which were donated to 
police and hospital establishments across the Country. In addition, these initiatives by your Company and individual 
employees were also recognized on Social Media platforms like LinkedIn and under our Global Award Programs. 


Bata Lions – The I&D R&R Programme - We launched a new I&D Business Reward & Recognition Programme for 
Season 1- 2021 and for the first time extended it cross functionally to now include in addition to Sales & Merchandising 
our Finance, Marketing, Sourcing, HR and other functions. This has helped align cross functions on one common 
business strategy and agenda ahead.
-	
Virtual Town Halls, Events and Celebrations – During the year under review, we used technology driven platforms to 
enhance our employee engagements through virtual townhalls and all our celebrations through the course of the year 
under review. These virtual townhall sessions were conducted frequently wherein the Pan India employees connected 
virtually with the top leadership and got clarity on the current business and people strategies, new launches, and Q&A 
sessions etc. Our engagements via a virtual Diwali party saw our employees and their family members participate in 
various competitions. Days like Republic Day, Independence Day, etc., were also celebrated virtually with employees 
enthusiastically participating in all such rollouts through the year. Also, our focus on fitness increased and for this we 
organized online Fitness session. These initiatives and regular meet and greet programs virtually helped us keep our 
employee base connected and engaged with our organization through the pandemic and lockdown situation. 


--- Page 73 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
46
Administration
• 
COVID-19 Management - With the setting in of the COVID pandemic, the administration team ensured safety of all 
employees, helped employees & their families with stay, travel & essentials wherever required. SOPs were made on 
COVID management and effectively implemented across offices, plants, depots, stores, etc. Teams were trained on COVID 
guidelines and ensured effective office re-opening as per the government guidelines. Regular on-going communication 
to keep our employees abreast with MHA guidelines and company advisories were shared through People Connect Pan 
India.
• 
Hot Desking concept - In line with our philosophy of creating an open and welcoming work environment in line with 
changing business and environmental paradigms, we initiated the hot-desking concept for 100+ employees and 
implemented rostering of employees, partnering fully with GOI / MHA - State and Central Government guidelines in a 
timely manner.
Training, Learning & Development  
• 
Transformation of Retail Training Academy (RTA) - During the year under review, we undertook a deep dive into our 
BATA competency model and also worked extensively to transform and expand our Retail Training Academy (RTA) into 
Bata Training Academy (BTA). This initiative helped us widen our training vertical to not only retail but also to cover our 
Institutional & Distribution Business, Manufacturing, and other specialist training needs through the organization. In this 
endeavor, we have partnered with a specialist organization to provide holistic, multidimensional, technology driven and 
future Retail ready competency based sales and operation trainings to our DM and above population through a Train the 
Trainer approach, who then will lead these training programs cascade with our field workforce ahead through the course 
of the next few years.
• 
Online Learning Programs - iGROW platform- During lockdown, our commitment towards the employee development 
continued and we shifted our focus to online learning platform iGROW. We expanded our online learning catalog of 
courses from 50 to 100+ and focused on self-paced learning. In addition to this, we also made our employees participate 
through various virtual events, seminars and online learnings. 
• 
I&D Curated Program offerings - In last one year, we have created special courses specifically designed keeping the 
nuances of the I&D business. These courses are titled TCT- Techno Commercial Training which covers not just the details 
of Bata Products but also how our Products stand in comparison with competitor brands, thereby enabling our Sales 
Team to perfect their sales pitch. 
Benefits Programs 
• 
Medical Insurance - We ensured that all our employees are covered under Medical Insurance benefit for COVID 
treatment. This coverage would help protect our employees through medical emergencies in the future ahead.
Technology Enabled - Digitization 
• 
Bata Vibe - We launched HRMS digital portal – Bata Vibe, covering all managerial employees, enabling to connect 
virtually. The portal covers organization announcements, training & development initiatives, benefits & claims amongst 
various others interactive features which ease the life of the employees during their career with us. There is a continuous 
effort to add online approval features MEMO/LTA and integrate the system with PF application, wherein employees can 
view or download their PF accumulation balance/nominee details/KYC. 
• 
Introduction of Technology enablement talent assessment tool for the stores – We tied up with an expert partner 
for tech-enabled talent acquisition tool to standardize employment assessment process for store hiring. The tool will help 
us to align our Pan India store hiring as per Bata competency model. It will also help to improve the quality of hiring at 
store level.
Career Management
• 
Internal growth - During the year under review, we focused on internal growth through various programs like Step-Up, 
Internal Job Positions and Internal Movements. We extended our Step-Up program to our Institution and Distribution 
vertical along with Retail and completed 3 batches to create ready pipelines in these critical functions. In-depth department 
structures were studied for critical business like Omni Channel and basis the gap analysis, internal re-alignment of the 
roles and internal movements were completed to support our business growth engines ahead in 2021 and beyond.


--- Page 74 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
47
• 
Talent Assessment - In-depth talent mapping using the 9 grid Talent management model was completed for retail leading 
to career expansions, territory re-alignments and also structured development feedback wherein needed.
• 
	Leadership Development - We introduced 360 degree feedback for Top Management as a development tool to identify 
development areas and IDPs were created. Succession planning process for the top leaders were also completed with 
our global teams.  
• 
	Online Assessment Centre Model for Retail - We have collaborated with a market leader which would help Career 
Laddering in the Retail Stores through Bata competency driven assessment centers. It is a six level structured career path 
with defined scale of enhanced competency to meet the business goals.   
Policy frameworks
• 
	Keeping in mind the new way of working and virtual scenario, we introduced new policy frameworks such as Work from 
Home and Social Media policies/guidelines. Our POSH policy got amended keeping in view of the virtual prevention of 
sexual harassment guidelines as per GOI.
Diversity & Inclusion 
• 
	We have a structured D&I program and are rigorously working towards hiring a diverse talent pool in the Company. We 
have made conscious efforts through various collaborations with organizations for hiring diverse talent across various 
levels in our organization through all functions and regions.
• 
	During the year under review, our WForce initiatives went virtual. Throughout the year, we invited external speakers 
and conducted virtual programs with the employees on ‘Mental Health & Well Being’, ‘Tax Awareness’ and celebrated 
‘International Women’s Day’ covering both men and women workforce for these sessions to listen to best practices and 
also engage through Q&A sessions thereafter.
• 
	Your Company is committed to provide a work environment free from harassment of any kind and in particular, a work 
environment that has zero tolerance for sexual harassment. We conducted ‘Prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace (POSH)’ virtual awareness sessions for all employees at a Pan India level.
Industry Recognition
The HR team of your Company participated in various external awards platform and was recognized for the following:


	CII- 13th National Competitiveness & cluster Summit 2020: Winner “Best HR Practices- Championship Award Large 
Stream”


	CII- 4th National HR Circle Competition 2020: 2nd Place winner “Business Continuity w.r.t. People Management amidst 
COVID situation”
Industrial Relations 
Your Company believes in developing long term relationships with all our employees on an ongoing basis. Industrial relations 
at all the manufacturing units of your Company have been harmonious and peaceful with active involvement of the employees 
in the collective bargaining process. Your Company has also encouraged wholehearted participation of the employees and 
union in improving productivity as well as quality of its products.
As on March 31, 2021, there were 4454 permanent employees on the rolls of your Company. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
There are certain Statements which have been made in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report describing the 
estimates, expectations or predictions, may be read as ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws and 
regulations. The actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied. The important factors that would make 
a difference to the Company’s operations include demand-supply conditions, raw material prices, changes in Government 
Policies, Governing Laws, Tax regimes, global economic developments and other factors such as litigation and labour 
negotiations.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY REPORT (BRR) 
In compliance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing Regulations read with the SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD/10/2015 
dated November 4, 2015, your Company has prepared a BRR in the prescribed format for the financial year ended March 31, 
