--- Page 56 ---

28 |  Annual Report 2023-24
BATA INDIA LIMITED
are regularly monitored and if required, modified
from time to time depending on business
requirements.
Your Company has an adequate system of internal
financial controls commensurate with its size and
scale of operations, procedures and policies,
ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of its business,
including adherence to the Company’s policies,
safeguarding of its assets, prevention and detection
of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of
accounting records and timely preparation of reliable
financial information.
Such practice provides reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of Financial Statements in accordance
with the applicable legislations and that the same
are well within the COAs and SOPs, without
exception. Your Company also monitors, through its
Internal Audit Team, the requirements of processes
in order to prevent or timely detect unauthorised
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s
Assets which could have a material effect on the
Financial Statements of the Company. The Internal
Audit function is responsible to assist the Audit
Committee and Risk & Compliance Management
Committee (RCM Committee) on an independent
basis with a complete review of the risk assessments
and associated management action plans.
Risk Management is embedded in the Company’s
operating framework. Your Company believes that
risk resilience is key to achieving higher growth. To
this effect, there is a robust process in place to
identify key risks across the Company and prioritise
relevant action plans to mitigate these risks. Risk
Management framework is reviewed periodically
which includes discussing the management
submissions on risks, prioritising key risks and
approving action plans to mitigate such risks. An
assessment of cyber security has also been carried
out in compliance with the requirement of the Listing
Regulations and a mitigation plan has been made to
counter such risks.
The Internal Audit Report and Risk Inventory Report
are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee
and the RCM Committee respectively. The Chief
Internal Auditor is a permanent invitee to the Audit
Committee Meetings and a member of the RCM
Committee. The Audit Committee advises on various
risk mitigation exercises on a regular basis. Your
Company has been maintaining a separate Internal
Audit Team headed by the Chief Internal Auditor
appointed by the Audit Committee of your Board.
Further details pertaining to the RCM Committee and
Meetings held during the year under review are given
in the Corporate Governance Report. Your Board is
of the opinion that the Internal Financial Controls,
affecting the Financial Statements of your Company
are adequate and are operating effectively.
NON-APPLICABILITY OF MAINTENANCE OF COST
RECORDS
The Central Government has not prescribed the
maintenance of cost records under Section 148(1)
of the Act and Rules framed thereunder with respect
to the Company’s nature of business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT
Industry Structure and Developments
The global footwear market is projected to grow at
a CAGR of ~4% during 2023 to 2028, driven by the
changing fashion trends and increasing demand for
comfortable and stylish footwear with superior
quality. With over 85% of the world’s population
owning a smartphone coupled with impact of social
media and digital advertising, retail e-commerce is
expected to grow exponentially with a significant
boost in the footwear sales.
India is the world’s second-largest producer and
consumer of footwear. Globally, India contributes
more than 10% to footwear production and
consumes more than 11%. The footwear industry in
India contributes 2% to the country’s GDP and
generates substantial employment. The footwear
market in India is expected to reach USD 90 Billion
by 2030. The Industry is constantly evolving with
new trends, styles and technologies, making it an
exciting and dynamic industry.
Indian retail sector has consolidated remarkably well
in 2023, which augurs in favour of the economy, job-
creation and growth of brands. Technology
innovations, global partnerships and strategic
investments are reshaping the retail landscape. Retail
accounts for over 10% of India’s GDP and employs
8% of the country’s total workforce. Retail growth is
essential for boosting national income and fortifying
India’s social infrastructure. By 2030, retail is
expected to be the single largest new job creator in
the country.


--- Page 57 ---

Annual Report 2023-24  | 29
While economic shadows keep looming in the
background, India’s retail industry is predicted to rise
by over 10% over the next few years, with businesses
utilising technology innovations to appeal to both
luxury and value customers.
Opportunities and Threats
India’s footwear sector is undergoing a tremendous
transformation due to a significant shift in consumer
preferences and purchasing behaviour. With an
increase in awareness about health and fitness,
casual footwear saw rapid growth. The industry also
witnessed a shift in the perception of footwear from
a utility product to a fashion statement. However,
the average volume of footwear per person in India
is still much below the global average of 3 pairs.
The Indian footwear market is projected to grow at
a CAGR of ~4.8% during 2023 to 2028, with volume
crossing 2,225 Million pairs by 2028, on the back of
factors like:
a)
Rise in income and purchasing power. Easy
availability of finance.
b)
Increase in non-occasion wear purchases and
wardrobe refreshes.
c)
Continuous increase in working population ratio
and higher participation of female workforce.
d)
Demand for bigger shopping malls. Higher
aspiration levels for branded products.
e)
Increase in digital payments and online
shopping.
f)
Emergence of value products and improved
penetration of EBOs in Tier 3 - 5 cities and
smaller towns.
g)
Higher number of sports and events such as
marathons and adventure trips.
However, macroeconomic factors like rate of
economic growth, inflation, regulatory changes,
unemployment rate, etc., may impact the growth in
demand for footwear. Aspirational buying, the spread
of e-commerce & digital payments and social media
whetting consumer appetite have now taken demand
for premium products to small towns too. With
increasing consumer demand and expansion of retail
e-commerce, the industry is expected to experience
significant growth in the coming years.
Your Company continues to work on multiple
initiatives – Driving Portfolio Evolution, Accelerating
Expansion via Franchise & Distribution, Marketing
Investments, Exploding Digital Footprint, Agile &
Efficient Supply Chain, Staying nimble on costs with
Talent, Process, Technology investments at the core.
Your Company continues to expand its presence
through COCO (Company Owned Company
Operated) & Franchise stores, online reach and
distribution network.
Your Company also has opportunities in the I&D
business, as Bata is the only player which is present
across categories and price points. However, the
competition continues to grow with unorganised
sector moving into organised space.
Apart from the above, casualisation and
premiumisation of product portfolio targeting higher
ASP and expansion in the market share of premium
category, innovation, scaling up digital channels and
productivity enhancement will continue to be the
priority of your Company along with investments in
our brands and stores.
Your Company is optimistic about the opportunity
to 
transform 
by 
bringing 
technological
advancements and digital capabilities.
Key Focus Areas
Bata India’s mission is to make global trends and
premium fashion accessible to all consumers through
its extensive retail network. It is redefining the
intersection of fashion and comfort through its
various brands – Bata Red Label for in-trend global
styles, Bata Comfit for technology enabled comfort
in daily wear, athleisure-brand Power for fitness
sneakers and apparel, NorthStar for sneakers
inspired by global youth trends, fashionable range
of clogs and slip-ons under Floatz, kids-brand
Bubblegummers that has won the trust of parents
while inspiring fun and Hush Puppies-the global
brand that epitomizes comfort and elegance to name
a few.
Marketing and Campaigns
Bata India continues to be a strong brand in the
footwear industry by consistently delivering on
fashion trends with the promise of comfort. Driven
by extensive research and deep-rooted consumer
insights, 
the 
marketing 
campaigns 
and
communications were meticulously crafted to deliver
an exceptional value proposition that resonates with
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 58 ---

30 |  Annual Report 2023-24
BATA INDIA LIMITED
modern sensibilities and helped your Company to
maintain its strong brand image in a highly
competitive market.
Recognising the burgeoning sneaker culture around
the world, particularly among Gen Z and Millennials,
your Company deftly capitalised on this trend with
“Sneaker Studio” campaign. The campaign put forth
the compelling proposition of 300+ sneaker styles
from 9 international brands under one roof,
establishing Bata as the one-stop destination for
sneaker aficionados. Building on the successful pilot
and widespread acceptance of the Sneaker Studio
Concept, your Company rolled out the concept in
50% of stores during the year under review, providing
an immersive and curated shopping experience for
the customers.
To address the needs of contemporary Indian women
who seek international footwear styles that
seamlessly blend fashion and comfort, we launched
the “24x7 Glam” collection with an invigorating
campaign featuring brand ambassador and
Bollywood actress Ms. Disha Patani.
As leadership styles continue to evolve, your
Company set out to strengthen “Hush Puppies”
connect among the young leaders of today. Hush
Puppies, under Bata India, proudly partnered with
The Economic Times to honour and celebrate the
accomplishments of 40 extraordinary leaders at the
ET 40Under40. The partnership highlighted your
Company’s dedication towards uplifting the next
generation of leaders and establishing Hush Puppies
as a partner of choice for success.
Celebrating the 75th anniversary of North Star, a
brand that has long stood for challenging
conventions, freedom of self-expression and an
authentic way of life, your Company launched a
nostalgic campaign to resonate with the youth.
Honouring the past while shaping the future, the
campaign highlighted North Star’s enduring appeal
and its ability to capture the spirit of generations.
As India entered into the festive season, your
Company launched two back-to-back collections
under “Every Walk Is a Ramp Walk” campaign.
Rooted in the insight that anyone can feel like a
celebrity with self-confidence and a stylish pair of
shoes, the campaign offered a refreshing departure
from traditional celebrity endorsements. Your
Company strategically invested in the greatest
cricketing event - ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup as
an Associate Sponsor on Cricket Live to reach out
to the valued customers. Your Company truly made
heads turn with this biggest campaign of the year.
Building strong style credentials for Bata India, your
Company launched the “10/10” campaign for the
spring-summer collection featuring carefully curated
casual, glamorous and wedding footwear styles from
Bata Red Label, Bata Comfit, NorthStar, Hush
Puppies and Bata, designed to transform everyday
into an extraordinary 10 on 10 stylish moment for
Indian Consumers. The campaign focused on
empowering individuals to step out in confidence
and express their unique style effortlessly.
Strategically timed to coincide with key consumer
moments such as the wedding season and the new
season, the collection’s launch ensured that
customers had access to on-trend styles suitable for
every occasion.
Bata India’s comprehensive marketing strategy,
encompassing digital campaigns, OOH activations
and collaborations with prominent fashion and
lifestyle influencers, successfully reached over 14
Million potential customers. This impactful approach
resonated with the industry, and your Company won
awards like, “Most Admired Marketing Campaign of
the year” award by IMAGES Fashion Retail, “Best
Influencer Marketing campaign” under Fashion and
Apparel category as well as Multi-Platform Category
for the biggest campaign of 2023, “Make Every walk
a Ramp walk” at the Economic Times Trendies
awards.
The marketing efforts undertaken during the year
under review expanded Bata India’s reach and
resonance among its target demographics, creating
deeper connections with consumers. The innovative
campaigns showcased your Company’s ability to
stay attuned to contemporary trends, effectively
positioning the brand as leader in style and comfort
in the footwear industry.
During the year under review, to strengthen its
portfolio of fashion footwear and accessories, your
Company entered into a licensing and manufacturing
deal for the world-renowned lifestyle brand Nine
West. Under the licensing agreement, your Company
has the rights to manufacture, market and distribute
Nine West footwear and accessories across India.
The extensive store network and diverse consumer
base of your Company provides an important step


--- Page 59 ---

Annual Report 2023-24  | 31
in catering to the demands of consumers seeking
trend-right fashion.
Bata Comfit
Comfit continued to produce detail-driven designs
with pastel shades, soft volume and minimal uppers.
It generated seasonal newness in longevity-focused
key technologies like Comfit Cushion and Active
Walk collection. “Naturfit” anatomic, which contours
the shape of foot and provide unmatched comfort
with arch support was launched.
Bata Core
Newness remained the key for this category.
Refreshed with statement trims, fresh color palette,
fashion-driven details on upper, surface enhance
techniques like embossing led a splendid upward
trajectory throughout the year. Chunkier soles,
squared toe shape contributed in making the Brand
look more versatile.
Bata Red Label
Injected newness in terms of trendy silhouettes,
prints and toe shapes. New wave of ultra-elevated
looks with surface textures, heel shapes and trims
emerged which committed to offer freshness. It was
ensured that range plans were reflective of changing
consumer demands and created versatile products.
Ceremonial range included curated selection of
jeweled heels, embroidered uppers highlighting Glitz
and Glam vouge. Modish last shapes, lightweight
shoe and flexibility features foregrounded men’s
collection.
Hush Puppies
Hush Puppies stands for comfort and as part of
product expansion strategy, your Company will
continue to innovate technology. Product
technologies like Bounce, Bounce Plus, Weather
Smart, The Body Shoe, ZeroG, Wave Reflex and Deep
Comfort offer the right blend of sustainable
technology and comfort to the consumers.
Consumers have evolved and following macro,
industry, color and material trends, key focus of your
Company is on casualization. However, the hold on
dress comfort remains strong as always. To meet the
aspirational lifestyle needs of consumers, the Brand
has also introduced the premium footwear range
which has become the unmatched epitome of style
and comfort.
Power
Your Company continues to implement its portfolio
casualisation strategy, which worked well during the
year under review. The Sneaker category was led by
Power. Your Company also launched its 1st Power
EBO in Noida and plans to open another 5 EBOs
shortly.
Your Company also launched Power apparel in India.
The collection features breakthrough technology
that helps regulate body temperature during
workouts. During the year ended March 31, 2024, the
collection was expanded to 70 stores and your
Company plans to expand the same to 100 stores in
near future.
Floatz
Under Floatz, your Company will continue to offer
colourful, lightweight and all-day comfort products.
Floatz will focus on enhancing offering by adding
more designs and trendy styles like Floatz 3.0 and
3.1 collection to increase newness across gender
offerings. During the quarter ended March 31, 2024,
Floatz achieved highest-ever quarterly turnover,
enhanced by 11 Kiosk.
Digital Multi-Channel Business
Your Company has one of the largest Omni-network
in India covering over 1700 stores.  The Omni-channel
of your Company recorded a handsome share of the
total sales.
E-commerce business continued its steady growth
path during the year under review. Both bata.com
and marketplace channels grew significantly over last
year.
Bata.com continues to improve the merchandise
assortment display leading to higher ASPs and
margin improvements.
In addition, Home Delivery Services now have been
extended to all Franchisee stores. This has opened
up the complete product catalogue to the Franchisee
customers and is leading to incremental business for
Franchisee partners. Home Delivery continues to
contribute over 1 million pairs of sales in a year.
Investment in technology integrations improved
customer experience on Bata.com, Returns and
Refunds and also led to significant reduction in
customer complaints.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 60 ---

32 |  Annual Report 2023-24
BATA INDIA LIMITED
Non-Retail Business
Your Company’s non-retail business division
comprises of Multi-Brand Outlets, Key Accounts,
industrial and institutional business divisions and
exports. With the change in consumer behavior as
well as Trade Dynamics, we have made changes to
provide better service to our Trade Partners and
Consumers. We continue to focus on select
categories like School, Sandak, Value Added Men’s
and Ladies open, Evalite and Men’s closed where we
have advantages and also on casualisation through
Sneakers.
Overall health of the business has improved inspite
of sluggish market and your Company is gaining
market share.
Bata availability in MBO is now in 1500+ towns and
700+ enterprises provide Bata shoes to their
Employee/Customers through our B2B Division.
Considering the soft landing of demand in the
distribution market, since last few quarters, your
Company has strategically increased its focus on
larger distributors to drive business. This further
allows your Company to focus on the market in a
closer cohort. This is reflected in the improvement
in Weighted Distribution which has grown to over
45%.
Consumer Experience
During the year under review, your Company has
invested in technological advancements and the
process restructuring to deliver unrivalled consumer
experiences. The latest 360° CRM integration with
multiple platforms (Transaction Data, ORM tool, IVR,
Email, Chatbot & POS) enables your Company, to
track customer journey and manage their requests
& complaints swiftly and seamlessly. These
developments are resulting in faster resolution and
reduction in the overall escalations.
As a core area of focus, your Company further
enhanced consumer experience in the stores by face-
lifting various stores across the country. Your
Company also implemented various industry first
and cutting-edge initiatives such as the AI enabled
Bata VM-AI app (Bata Hub), Brand stories in stores
to promote brand awareness, etc.
Bata E-Pay platform and the Buy-Now-Pay-Later
platform helped your Company to provide seamless
digital payment options to its customers.
Segment wise or product wise performance
Your Company operates in Footwear & Accessories
Segment 
only. 
Operational 
highlights 
&
performances of major business categories, channels
and key brands of your Company for the financial
year ended March 31, 2024 are covered previously
in this Report.
Outlook
The Indian footwear industry has displayed resilience
after the pandemic-led shocks and since then, has
been exhibiting healthy revival. The industry growth
is expected to be driven by higher disposable income
across geographies and segments, aspiration for
branded and comfortable footwear and the
constantly changing fashion trends & consumer
preferences.
However, factors like domestic inflation, rising rentals
in commercial real estate market, enhanced volatility
in global financial systems, escalation of geo-political
stress, etc., may challenge India’s footwear market
growth.
India’s e-commerce market is projected to grow at
18% annually through 2025. However, e-commerce
return rates are much higher in Fashion & Apparel
categories, posing a threat to online sales
profitability.
Brick-and-mortar store formats continue to be in
demand witnessing high occupancy rates. Industry
experts expect another 8 Million sq. ft. of malls will
become operational across the country in the current
year, as top retailers look to expand their store count,
largely driven by consumption-led growth in India.
Accordingly, your Company is expanding its physical
footprint, majorly through Franchise route in Tier 3 -
5 cities and its digital footprint through its own
website and marketplaces. Your Company is building
style & fashion forward imagery through influencers,
media revamp and store innovations.
To cater to the constantly changing fashion trends
& consumer preferences, your Company is pivoting
the Brand on style, modernity and youthfulness with
high levels of portfolio freshness.
Your Company is strategically positioned to harness
the present challenges, given the strength of its
Brand, innovation capabilities, retail foothold and
growing online presence in footwear and accessories


--- Page 61 ---

Annual Report 2023-24  | 33
category. Your Company continues to focus on
efficiency and productivity backed by digital
transformation for future readiness with cautious
optimism.
Risks and Concerns and Contingent Liabilities
Your Company acknowledges the footwear industry
is undergoing transformation. Customer needs &
expectations from footwear industry, purchasing
channels and buying habits have evolved. New
expectations around customer experience / product
discoverability are influencing business growth
drivers and key initiatives. Your Company
acknowledges the fact that competition from both
domestic and international players, especially at the
bottom of the pyramid, is increasing with every
passing day.
Your Company acknowledges that continuous
evolution of the product portfolio mix is required to
maintain relevance of Bata Brand amongst Millennials
and the Gen Z. Your Company also realises that
modernisation of I.T. systems alongwith having
suitable protection from risk of loss / theft of data /
other vulnerabilities is a key requirement for business
continuity and continuous customer service. Your
Company continuously adapts to comply with
relevant changes in the Government laws and
policies to minimise any adverse impact on sales,
cost and operations. Your Company also monitors
external factors such as raw material prices, inflation
and other geo-political factors to assess and mitigate
any adverse effect on business and results of
operations.
Your Company monitors its major risks and concerns
at regular intervals. Appropriate steps are taken in
consultation with all concerned including the RCM
Committee and the Audit Committee of the Board
to identify and mitigate such risks.
During the normal course of its business operations,
your Company has been subjected to litigations in
connection with or incidental thereto. These
litigations include civil cases, excise and customs
related cases, etc., filed by and against the Company.
These cases are being pursued with due importance
and in consultation with legal experts in respective
areas. Your Board believes that the outcome of these
cases is unlikely to cause a materially adverse effect
on the Company’s profitability or business
performance. Your Company has a Contingent
Liability of Rs. 313.32 Million as on March 31, 2024 as
compared to Rs. 390.56 Million as on March 31, 2023.
Attention is drawn to the explanations mentioned in
Note No. 29 of the Notes to Financial Statements
for the financial year ended March 31, 2024. In view
of the present status and based on legal advice
obtained from time to time, your Board is of the
opinion that no provision is required to be made
against these Contingent Liabilities.
Internal control systems and their adequacy
A separate paragraph on internal control systems
and their adequacy has been provided elsewhere in
the Board’s Report.
Discussion on financial performance
The Earnings per Share (EPS - Basic and Diluted) of
your Company for the financial year ended March
31, 2024 was at Rs. 20.22 as compared to the (EPS -
Basic and Diluted) for the previous financial year
ended March 31, 2023 at Rs. 24.83. Your Company
recorded an EBITDA margin of 22.52% during the
financial year under review as compared to 22.91%
during the financial year 2022-23.
Your Company does not have any Bank Borrowings
and the entire capital expenditure has been funded
through internal sources.
The Capital Expenditure incurred during the year
under review amounted to Rs. 1,188.57 Million as
compared to Rs. 957.85 Million in the previous year.
Details of significant changes in key financial ratios
alongwith explanation
In compliance with the requirement of the Listing
Regulations, the key financial ratios of the Company
alongwith explanation for significant changes (i.e.,
for change of 25% or more as compared to the
immediately previous financial year), has been
provided hereunder:
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 62 ---

34 |  Annual Report 2023-24
BATA INDIA LIMITED
Material developments in the human resource /
industrial relations front, including number of
people employed
Your Company has been continuously working to
advance human resources skills, competencies and
capabilities within the organisation, which are critical
to achieve desired results in line with the strategic
business ambitions. Some key initiatives that have
been taken in this direction during the year under
review are summarised below:
•
Negotiations of Long-Term Agreement (LTA) for
settlements of demands with the Worker’s Union
at the manufacturing unit of the Company at
Batashatak at Hosur, Tamil Nadu.
•
Successful implementation of a Voluntary
Retirement Scheme (VRS) at the manufacturing
unit of the Company at Southcan, Bengaluru,
Karnataka.
•
Industrial relations at all the manufacturing units
of your Company have been harmonious and
peaceful with active involvement of the
employees in the collective bargaining process.
Your 
Company 
has 
also 
encouraged
wholehearted participation of the employees
and union in improving productivity as well as
quality of its products.
•
Enhancing Employee Experience: Employee
focused approach to ensure seamless hire to
retire journey with engagement and growth
orientation. Through digitisation and process
simplification, your Company is dedicated to
enriching the hire to retire journey for employees,
ensuring a seamless and rewarding experience
at every stage of their employment.
•
Introduction of AI-enabled tools for employee
pulse checks: Your Company has embraced
technology to better understand employee
sentiments and engagement levels. Through the
implementation of AI tools, your Company now
regularly gauges employee pulse at intervals,
and proactively addresses concerns and
maintains a positive work environment.
•
Focus on team development and training: Your
Company prioritized and invests in creating
conducive environments for team development
and training. The Bata Training Academy was
revitalized with an approach to prioritize field
training of our large and distributed workforce.
The aim of training is towards improving
customer centricity and overall experience in our
retail stores, distribution business and to increase
skills in our manufacturing plants. Your Company
also focuses to provide cutting edge intellectual
skill enhancements through digitally enabled
training courses.
•
Internal Growth initiatives: Your Company
believes and promotes internal growth of
Sl. No.
Particulars
2023-24
2022-23
(i)
Debtors to Sales (in days)
9
8
(ii)
Inventory to Turnover Ratio (in times)
1.63
1.71
(iii)
Interest Coverage Ratio*
4.3
4.6
(iv)
Current ratio
2.10
1.95
(v)
Debt Equity Ratio**
0.89
0.87
(vi)
Operating Profit Margin (%)
14.7
14.37
(vii)
Net Profit Margin (%)
7.5
9.2
(viii)
Return on Net worth (%)
17.1
22.3
*There is no borrowing in the Company. However, Finance cost includes interest expenses accounted for
various deposits in accordance with Ind AS 109, Financial Instruments and interest expense accounted on
various lease contracts in accordance with Ind AS 116.
**Leases has been considered as debts.
There have been no significant changes over previous year across all ratios. For further explanation, please
refer to Note no. 41 of the Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2024.
The other financial ratios of the Company relating to previous 10 years has been provided in other part of
this Annual Report.


--- Page 63 ---

Annual Report 2023-24  | 35
employees and therefore focuses on providing
opportunity to employees by Internal job
postings and movements. This enables our
employees with ample opportunities for learning,
performance and growth within the organisation.
Programs like STEP UP Express, STEP UP &
UDAAN continued to support store teams, with
Assessment 
Centers 
evaluating 
Bata
Competencies.
•
Personal and professional growth initiatives:
Various initiatives such as Bata eUniversity and
the gamified eLMS for retail teams were
introduced to facilitate personal and professional
growth among employees.
•
Diversity & Inclusion efforts: Diversity &
Inclusion remained a key focus, with your
Company actively working towards building a
more diverse workforce. Recognitions as the
Best Workplace for Women by ET and
ASSOCHAM, along with acknowledgment of our
DEI commitment by Retail Association of India,
underscore our dedication to inclusivity.
•
Commitment to a safe workplace: Your
Company reaffirmed its commitment to
providing a safe work environment, free from
harassment, particularly zero tolerance for sexual
harassment. Awareness sessions on the
Prevention of Sexual Harassment at Workplace
(POSH) were conducted across Bata India
offices.
In conclusion, your Company’s unwavering
dedication to employee well-being, growth and
inclusivity, coupled with the integration of advanced
technologies, has positioned us for continued
success. By fostering a culture of continuous
improvement and innovation, we remain committed
to creating a workplace where every employee
thrives and contributes to our collective success.
As on March 31, 2024, there were 4073 permanent
employees on the rolls of your Company.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
There are certain statements which have been made
in the Management Discussion and Analysis Report
describing the estimates, expectations or
predictions, may be read as ‘forward-looking
statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws
and regulations. The actual results may differ
materially from those expressed or implied. The
important factors that would make a difference to
your Company’s operations include demand-supply
conditions, raw material prices, changes in
Government Policies, Governing Laws, Tax regimes,
Global Economic Developments and other factors
such as litigation and labour negotiations.
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT (BRSR)
In compliance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing
Regulations, your Company is pleased to publish its
2nd Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
(BRSR) for the financial year 2023-24, in a fair and
transparent manner, covering the essential indicators
that are required to be reported on a mandatory
basis in the prescribed format. The Report is aligned
with your Company’s approach towards sustainable,
inclusive and resilient development, which is annexed
to the Board’s Report and marked as Annexure – IX.
The BRSR has been uploaded on the website of the
Company at www.bata.in and is available at the link
https://www.bata.in/bataindia/a-29_s-181_c-42/
investor-relations.html
Annexures forming part of this Report
The Annexures referred to in this Report and other
information which are required to be disclosed are
annexed herewith and form part of this Report:
Annexure
Particulars
I
Secretarial Audit Report
II
Corporate Governance Report
III
Particulars of Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange
Earnings and Outgo
IV & V
Annual Report on CSR activities and CSR Policy (Salient features)
VI
Nomination and Remuneration Policy
VII & VIII
Disclosures on remuneration of directors and employees of the Company
IX
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
