--- Page 197 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 165
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
(Amount in INR million; unless otherwise stated)
39. Additional regulatory information required by Schedule III to the Act:
i)	
The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
company for holding any benami property.
(ii) 	
The Company has not been declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or government or any 
government authority.
(iii) 	 The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Act.
(iv) 	 The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement  which has an accounting impact on current or previous 
financial year.
(v) 	
The Conpany has not advanced or loaned or invested funds (either borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries), with the understanding 
(whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall:
a)	
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any  manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company(Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
b)	
provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(vi) 	 The Company has not received any funds from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Parties), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall: 
a) 	
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Funding Party or 
b) 	
provide any guarantee, security or the like from or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(vii) 	 There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the current or previous year in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961, that has not been recorded in the books of accounts.
(viii) 	The Company has not traded or invested  crypto currency or virtual currency during the current or previous year.
(ix) 	 The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or 
both during the current or previous year.
(x) 	
There are no charges or satisfaction which are yet to be registered with the Registrar of Companies beyond the statutory 
period.
(xi) 	 The Company has been sanctioned working capital limits from its banks on the basis of security of current assets. However, 
the Company has obtained waiver for filing of quarterly statements or return in respect of such working capital limits.
(xii) 	 Title deeds of immovable properties not held in the name of the Company:
As at 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022
Relevant line item 
in the standalone 
balance sheet
Description of 
property
Gross 
carrying
 value
Title deeds held in 
the name of
Whether title deed holder 
is a promoter, director 
or relative of promoter / 
director or employee of 
promoter / director
Property 
held since 
which date 
(provided in 
range)
Reason for 
not being 
held in the 
name of the 
company
Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Freehold land:
- Faridabad
- Batanagar
- Mokamehghat
               
202.34 
Bata Shoe 
Company Private 
Limited/ Bata Shoe 
Company Limited
No
June,1945 to 
March, 1961
Held in the 
erstwhile 
name of the 
Company
Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Buildings:
-Poona Cantt
                   
1.80 
Bata Shoe 
Company Private 
Limited
No
December, 
1961
Held in the 
erstwhile 
name of the 
Company
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Gunjan Dineshkumar Shah
Ashok Kumar Barat
Partner
Managing Director & CEO
Independent Director 
Membership no.: 057134
DIN: 08525366
DIN: 00492930
Anil Ramesh Somani
Nitin Bagaria
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
DIN: 10119789
Membership no. ACS 20228
Place: Gurugram
Place: Gurugram
Date: 18 May 2023
Date: 18 May 2023
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2023


--- Page 198 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
166 | Annual Report 2022-23
Form AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with Rule 5 of  
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or  
associate companies or joint ventures
Part A - Subsidiaries
(Rs. In Million)
Sl.
No.
Particulars
Name of the Subsidiaries
Bata Properties 
Limited
Way Finders 
Brands Limited
1.
The date since when subsidiary was acquired
14/08/1987
26/12/2014
2.
Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from 
the holding Company’s reporting period
-
-
3.
Share capital
Authorised:
101.00
1.00
Issued & Subscribed:
48.51
1.00
4.
Reserves and surplus
50.73
(29.94)
5.
Total assets
100.93
18.65
6.
Total Liabilities
100.93
18.65
7.
Investments
5.00
-
8.
Turnover
43.58
0.001
9.
Profit before taxation
42.57
(1.62)
10.
Provision for taxation
2.91
-
11.
Profit after taxation
39.66
(1.62)
12.
Proposed Dividend
-
-
13.
Extent of shareholding (in percentage)
100
100
Notes:	 1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: None
	
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None


--- Page 199 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 167
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Part B - Associates and Joint Ventures
Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and 
Joint Ventures
Sl.
No.
Name of Associates or Joint Ventures
Not Applicable
1.
Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
2.
Date on which the Associate or Joint Venture was associated or acquired
3.
Shares of Associate or Joint Ventures held by the Company on the year end
No.
Amount of Investment in Associates or Joint Venture
Extent of Holding (in percentage)
4.
Description of how there is significant influence
5.
Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated
6.
Net worth attributable to shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet
7.
Profit or Loss for the year
i. Considered in Consolidation
ii. Not Considered in Consolidation
Notes: 	1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: None
	
2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year: None
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Bata India Limited
Gunjan Dineshkumar Shah
Ashok Kumar Barat
Managing Director & CEO
Independent Director
DIN: 08525366
DIN: 00492930
Anil Ramesh Somani
Nitin Bagaria
Place: Gurugram 
Director Finance & CFO
Company Secretary
Date : May 18, 2023
DIN: 10119789
Membership no. ACS 20228
	
 


--- Page 200 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
168 | Annual Report 2022-23
Independent Auditor’s Report
Key audit matter
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Appropriateness of Revenue recognition
See note 1 (i) and note 18 to the consolidated financial 
statements
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when 
control in goods is transferred to the customer and is 
measured net of rebates, discounts and returns.
A substantial part of Holding Company’s revenue 
relates to retail sales through a large number of 
Holding Company-owned retail outlets across the 
country and comprises high volume of transactions, 
which increases the risk of revenue being recognised 
inappropriately. A robust process for recording sales 
revenue is critical in order to mitigate risk of error and 
fraud.
We performed the following audit procedures in 
respect of revenue recognition: 
•	 Evaluated the design and implementation of key 
internal financial controls with respect to the 
revenue recognition and tested the operating 
effectiveness of such controls including those 
related to the reconciliation of sales records to 
cash / credit card / online receipts, preparation, 
posting and approval of journal entries based on 
selected transactions.
To the Members of Bata India Limited 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
Opinion
1.	
We have audited the accompanying consolidated 
financial statements of Bata India Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Holding Company”) 
and its subsidiaries (Holding Company and its 
subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”), 
(refer Note 33 to the attached consolidated 
financial 
statements), 
which 
comprise 
the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2023, 
the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and 
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the 
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
including 
a 
summary 
of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to 
as “the consolidated financial statements”).
2.	 In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, 
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
give the information required by the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with 
the accounting principles generally accepted in 
India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the 
Group as at March 31, 2023, and consolidated 
total comprehensive income (comprising of profit 
and other comprehensive income), consolidated 
changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows 
for the year then ended.
 Basis for Opinion
3.	 We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under 
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities 
under those Standards are further described in 
the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements” section 
of our report. We are independent of the Group 
in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are relevant to our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements in India in terms of the Code 
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India and the relevant provisions 
of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence 
we have obtained and the audit evidence 
obtained by the other auditors in terms of their 
reports referred to in sub-paragraph 14 of the 
Other Matters section below is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
 Key Audit Matters
4.	 Key audit matters are those matters that, in our 
professional judgment, were of most significance 
in our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period. These matters 
were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, 
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do 
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


--- Page 201 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 169
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Key audit matter
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
In addition to the Holding Company-owned retail 
outlets, the Holding Company generates revenue 
through non-retail business and franchisee retail 
outlets.
Recognition of revenue requires determination of the 
net selling price after considering forecast of sales 
returns and discounts. The estimate of sales returns 
and discounts depends on the Holding Company’s 
return policy, contract terms, forecast of sales volumes 
and past history of quantum of returns.
Considering 
the 
above-mentioned 
factors, 
appropriateness of revenue recognition has been 
considered as a key audit matter.
•	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting 
policy for revenue recognition in accordance with 
the applicable accounting standards. 
•	 In relation to the revenue from Holding Company-
owned retail outlets, tested sales during the year 
on a sample basis, by examining the underlying 
documents and agreeing them with the cash / 
credit card / online receipts and bank deposits.
•	 In relation to the revenue from non-retail 
outlets and franchisee retail outlets, tested sale 
transactions during the year on a sample basis, 
by examining the underlying documents such 
as sales invoice, customer contracts, shipping/
despatch documents along with proof of delivery, 
as applicable and receipt against such invoice to 
the bank account of the Holding Company.
•	 Tested on a sample basis, the periodic reconciliation 
of the Holding Company-owned retail outlet sales 
recognised during the period with the underlying 
collections made by the Holding Company and 
sales as per indirect tax records.
•	 Evaluated the contract terms for a sample of 
customer contracts to assess the reasonableness 
of the provision for discounts and returns and 
determine whether the same is in line with terms 
of the contract.
•	 Evaluated the Holding Company’s policy for 
returns and performed an analysis of trend for 
sales return in case of the digital multi-channel 
business and tested appropriateness of the 
provision for sales return as at the year-end.
•	 Tested material non-standard manual journal 
entries impacting revenue in the year by 
understanding the rationale for the journal and 
agreeing to supporting documentation in order 
to confirm that the adjustments to revenue 
from material manual journal entries had been 
appropriately recognised.
Based on above procedures, we did not identify any 
significant exceptions in the recognition of revenue 
by the Holding Company.


--- Page 202 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
170 | Annual Report 2022-23
Key audit matter
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Determination of Net realisable value (NRV) of 
Inventories of finished goods 
See note 1 (h) and note 8 to the consolidated financial 
statements.
The Holding Company’s inventory of finished goods 
is spread across multiple locations comprising a 
large number of retail stores, depots and factories 
across the country, which are counted by the Holding 
Company on a cyclical basis. The Holding Company’s 
goods (footwear and accessories) are subject to 
changing consumer demands and fashion trends 
and the net realisable value is determined by the 
Holding Company based on significant management 
judgement, 
various 
assumptions 
and 
estimates 
(including those related to obsolescence of slow and 
non-moving inventory as well as inventory with low or 
negative gross margins) as at the end of the reporting 
period. 
In view of the involvement of significant management 
judgement and significance of the carrying value of 
inventory, this has been determined as a key audit 
matter. 
We performed the following audit procedures in 
relation to the determination of NRV of finished 
goods:
•	 Evaluated the design and implementation of 
key internal financial controls with respect to 
determination of NRV for slow and non-moving 
inventory as well as inventory with low or 
negative gross margins and tested the operating 
effectiveness of such controls on selected samples 
of transactions.
•	 Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting 
policy for inventory valuation as per the applicable 
accounting standards.
•	 Observed the management’s physical verification 
of inventory of finished goods on a test check 
basis at periodic interval, to assess the existence 
and condition of the inventory.
•	 On a sample basis, tested whether items in the 
inventory ageing report prepared by the Holding 
Company were classified within the appropriate 
ageing bracket.
•	 Assessed the appropriateness of the methodology 
adopted 
and 
assumptions 
underlying 
the 
management’s 
assessment 
of 
the 
NRV 
of 
inventories of finished goods.
•	 Tested, on a sample basis, the net realisable 
value of slow-moving and obsolete inventories 
and those with low or negative gross margins as 
calculated by the Holding Company by comparing 
the carrying value with their subsequent selling 
prices and costs to sell subsequent to the year-
end.
Based on the above procedures performed, we 
considered the Holding Company’s determination of 
NRV of finished goods to be reasonable.
Other Information
5.	 The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the Annual report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon.
	
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
	
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed and the reports of the other auditors 
as furnished to us (Refer paragraph 14 below), we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this 
other information, we are required to report that fact.  We have nothing to report in this regard.


--- Page 203 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 171
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged 
with Governance for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
6.	 The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is 
responsible for the preparation and presentation 
of these consolidated financial statements in 
term of the requirements of the Act that give a 
true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position, consolidated financial performance, 
consolidated cash flows, and consolidated 
changes in equity of the Group in accordance 
with 
the 
accounting 
principles 
generally 
accepted in India, including the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of the 
Act. The respective Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible 
for 
maintenance 
of 
adequate 
accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group 
and for preventing and detecting frauds and 
other irregularities; selection and application 
of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls, that were operating effectively for 
ensuring accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation 
and presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, which have been used for 
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements by the Directors of the 
Holding Company, as aforesaid.
7.	
In 
preparing 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, the respective Board of Directors 
of the companies included in the Group are 
responsible for assessing the ability of the Group 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate 
the Group or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
8.	 The respective Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible 
for overseeing the financial reporting process of 
the Group.  
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
9.	 Our 
objectives 
are 
to 
obtain 
reasonable 
assurance about whether the consolidated 
financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is 
a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when 
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or 
error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements.
10.	 As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we 
exercise professional judgment and maintain 
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We 
also:
•	
Identify and assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design 
and 
perform 
audit 
procedures 
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk 
of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, 
forgery, 
intentional 
omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal 
control.
•	
Obtain an understanding of internal control 
relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of the 
Act, we are also responsible for expressing 
our opinion on whether the Holding company 
has adequate internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial 
statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
•	
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting 
policies used and the reasonableness of 
accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.


--- Page 204 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
172 | Annual Report 2022-23
•	
Conclude 
on 
the 
appropriateness 
of 
management’s use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence 
obtained, 
whether 
a 
material 
uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the ability of the Group to continue 
as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Group to cease to continue as 
a going concern.
•	
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure 
and content of the consolidated financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial 
statements 
represent 
the 
underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation. 
•	
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
regarding 
the 
financial 
information 
of 
the entities or business activities within 
the Group to express an opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements. We are 
responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audit of the financial 
statements of such entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements of which 
we are the independent auditors. For the 
other entities included in the consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
which 
have 
been 
audited by other auditors, such other 
auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits 
carried out by them. We remain solely 
responsible for our audit opinion.
11.	 We communicate with those charged with 
governance of the Holding Company and such 
other entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any 
significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
12.	 We also provide those charged with governance 
with a statement that we have complied 
with relevant ethical requirements regarding 
independence, 
and 
to 
communicate 
with 
them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
Other Matters
13.	 The 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
of 
the 
Holding 
Company 
for 
the 
year 
ended March 31, 2022, were audited by 
another 
firm 
of 
chartered 
accountants 
under the Act who, vide their report dated 
May 25, 2022 expressed an unmodified opinion 
on those consolidated financial statements.
14.	 We did not audit the financial statements of two 
subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect 
total assets of Rs. 119.58 million and net assets 
of Rs. 70.30 million as at March 31, 2023, total 
revenue of Rs. 1.46 million, total comprehensive 
income 
(comprising 
profit 
and 
other 
comprehensive income) of Rs. 38.04 million and 
net cash flows amounting to Rs. (0.03) million 
for the year ended on that date, as considered 
in the consolidated financial statements. These 
financial statements have been audited by other 
auditors whose reports have been furnished to 
us by the Management, and our opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements insofar as it 
relates to the amounts and disclosures included 
in respect of these subsidiaries and our report in 
terms of sub-section (3) of Section 143 of the Act 
including report on Other Information insofar as 
it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based 
solely on the reports of the other auditors. 
	
Our opinion on the consolidated financial 
statements, and our report on Other Legal and 
Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified 
in respect of the above matter with respect to 
our reliance on the work done and the reports of 
the other auditors and the financial statements 
certified by the Management.


--- Page 205 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 173
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
15.	 As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) 
Order, 2020 (“CARO 2020”), issued by the 
Central Government of India in terms of sub-
section (11) of Section 143 of the Act, we give 
in the Annexure B, a statement on the matter 
specified in paragraph 3(xxi) of CARO 2020.
16.	 As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we 
report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a)	We have sought and obtained all the 
information and explanations which to 
the best of our knowledge and belief were 
necessary for the purposes of our audit of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
(b)	In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books and the reports 
of the other auditors.
(c)	 The 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet, 
the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including other comprehensive income), 
the Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity and the Consolidated Statement 
of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report 
are in agreement with the relevant books 
of account and records maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
(d)	In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial 
statements 
comply 
with 
the 
Accounting 
Standards 
specified 
under 
Section 133 of the Act.
(e)	 On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Holding 
Company as on March 31, 2023 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors of the 
Holding Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors of its subsidiary companies, 
incorporated in India, none of the directors of 
the Group companies incorporated in India is 
disqualified as on March 31, 2023 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164(2) of the Act.
(f)	 With respect to the adequacy of internal 
financial 
controls 
with 
reference 
to 
consolidated financial statements of the 
Group and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls, refer to our separate report in 
“Annexure A”.
(g)	With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance 
with Rule 11 of the Companies (Audit and 
Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, in our opinion and to 
the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us:
i.	
The consolidated financial statements 
disclose the impact, if any, of pending 
litigations on the consolidated financial 
position of the Group – Refer Note 29 to 
the consolidated financial statements.
ii.	
The Group did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts 
for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses.  
iii.	 	There has been no delay in transferring 
amounts required to be transferred to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund 
by the Holding Company during the year.
iv.	 (a) The respective Managements of the 
Company whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act have 
represented to us that, to the best 
of their knowledge and belief, other 
than as disclosed in the notes to the 
accounts, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company 
or any of its subsidiaries to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Company or any of its subsidiaries 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries (Refer Note 36 
to the consolidated financial statements).
	
(b) The respective Managements of the 
Company whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act have 
represented to us and the other auditors 


--- Page 206 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
174 | Annual Report 2022-23
of such subsidiaries respectively that, 
to the best of their knowledge and 
belief, other than as disclosed in the 
notes to the accounts, no funds (which 
are material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have been received by the 
Company or any of such subsidiaries 
from 
any 
person(s) 
or 
entity(ies), 
including 
foreign 
entities 
(“Funding 
Parties”), 
with 
the 
understanding, 
whether 
recorded 
in 
writing 
or 
otherwise, that the Company or any 
of such subsidiaries shall, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or 
provide 
any 
guarantee, 
security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries (Refer Note 36 to the 
consolidated financial statements).
	
(c) Based on the audit procedures, 
that has been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances, 
performed by us and those performed by 
the auditors of the subsidiaries which are 
companies incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited 
under the Act, nothing has come to our 
or other auditor’s notice that has caused 
us or the other auditors to believe that 
the representations under sub-clause (i) 
and (ii) of Rule 11(e) contain any material 
misstatement.
v.	
The dividend declared / paid during 
the year by the Holding Company is in 
compliance with Section 123 of the Act.
vi.	 As proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014 (as amended), 
which provides for books of account to 
have the feature of audit trail, edit log 
and related matters in the accounting 
software used by the Group, is applicable 
to the Group, only with effect from 
financial year beginning April 1, 2023, 
the reporting under clause (g) of Rule 11 
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended), is currently 
not applicable.
17.	 The Group has paid/provided for managerial 
remuneration in accordance with the requisite 
approvals mandated by the provisions of Section 
197 read with Schedule V to the Act. 
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN: 23057134BGXYQG2114
Place: Gurugram 
Date: May 18, 2023	


--- Page 207 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 175
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Annexure A to Independent Auditor’s Report
Referred to in paragraph 16(f) of the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members 
of Bata India Limited on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial 
Statements under clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
1.	
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as of and 
for the year ended March 31, 2023, we have 
audited the internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements of Bata India 
Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary companies which 
are companies incorporated in India, as of that 
date. 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
2.	 The respective Board of Directors of the Holding 
Company and its subsidiary companies, to whom 
reporting under clause (i) of sub section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Act in respect of the adequacy 
of the internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements is applicable, which are 
companies incorporated in India, are responsible 
for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls based on criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note 
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (“the Guidance Note”) 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the respective company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3.	 Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on the Holding Company’s internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in 
accordance with the Guidance Note issued by 
the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing deemed 
to be prescribed under Section 143(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls, both 
applicable to an audit of internal financial controls 
and both issued by the ICAI. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply 
with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
4.	 Our audit involves performing procedures to 
obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the 
internal financial controls system with reference 
to financial statements and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to financial statements 
included obtaining an understanding of internal 
financial controls with reference to financial 
statements, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of 
internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgement, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
5.	 We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained and the audit evidence obtained by 
the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below 
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our audit opinion on the Holding Company’s 
internal financial controls system with reference 
to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning 
of 
Internal 
Financial 
Controls 
with 
reference to financial statements
6.	 A company’s internal financial control with 
reference to financial statements is a process 
designed 
to 
provide 
reasonable 
assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for 


--- Page 208 ---

BATA INDIA LIMITED
176 | Annual Report 2022-23
external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s 
internal financial control with reference to 
financial statements includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and 
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions 
of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being 
made only in accordance with authorizations 
of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
with reference to financial statements
7.	
Because of the inherent limitations of internal 
financial controls with reference to financial 
statements, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of 
any evaluation of the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal 
financial control with reference to financial 
statements may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Opinion
8.	 In our opinion, the Holding Company and its 
subsidiary companies which are companies 
incorporated in India, have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls 
system with reference to financial statements and 
such internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements were operating effectively as 
at March 31, 2023, based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by 
the Holding Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note issued by the ICAI.
Other Matters
9.	 Our aforesaid reports under Section 143(3)
(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating 
effectiveness of the internal financial controls 
with reference to financial statements insofar as 
it relates to two subsidiary companies, which are 
companies incorporated in India, is based on the 
corresponding reports of the auditors of such 
companies incorporated in India. Our opinion is 
not modified in respect of this matter.
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN: 23057134BGXYQG2114
Place: Gurugram 
Date: May 18, 2023	
	
	


--- Page 209 ---

Annual Report 2022-23 | 177
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
Corporate Overview
Annexure B to Independent Auditors’ Report
Referred to in paragraph 15 of the Independent Auditors’ Report of even date to the members 
of Bata India Limited on the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 
March 31, 2023
As required by paragraph 3(xxi) of the CARO 2020, we report that the auditors of the following companies 
have given qualification or adverse remarks in their CARO report on the standalone financial statements of 
the respective companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the group:
S. 
No.
Name of the 
Company
CIN
Relationship 
with the Holding 
Company
Date of the 
respective 
auditors’ report
Paragraph number 
and comment in the 
respective CARO report 
1.
Bata India 
Limited
L19201WB1931PLC007261
Holding 
Company
May 18, 2023
vii (a) and i (c)
2.
Bata Properties 
Limited
U70101WB1987PLC042839 Subsidiary
May 16, 2023
 i (c)
3.
Way Finders 
Brands Limited
U19100WB2014PLC204637 Subsidiary
May 16, 2023
xvi and xviii
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN : 23057134BGXYQG2114
Place: Gurugram	
Date: May 18, 2023	
