--- Page 210 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 187
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of Bata India Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Opinion
1.
We 
have 
audited 
the 
accompanying
consolidated financial statements of Bata India
Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Holding
Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding
Company and its subsidiaries together referred
to as “the Group”) (refer Note 34 to the attached
consolidated financial statements), which
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at
March 31, 2025, the Consolidated Statement of
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive
Income), the Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity and the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows for the year then
ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy
information and other explanatory information
(hereinafter referred to as “the consolidated
financial statements”).
2.
In our opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to us,
the aforesaid consolidated financial statements
give the information required by the Companies
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required
and give a true and fair view in conformity with
the accounting principles generally accepted in
India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the
Group as at March 31, 2025, and consolidated
total comprehensive income (comprising of
profit and other comprehensive income),
consolidated changes in equity and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended.
Basis for Opinion
3.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under
Section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities
under those Standards are further described in
the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements” section
of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the consolidated
financial statements in India in terms of the Code
of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered
Accountants of India and the relevant provisions
of the Act, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters
4.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance
in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current period. These matters
were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Other Information
Key audit matter
Appropriateness of Revenue recognition
See note 1(e) and note 18 to the consolidated
financial statements
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when
control in goods is transferred to the customer and
is measured net of rebates, discounts and returns.
A substantial part of Holding Company’s revenue
relates to retail sales through a large number of
Holding Company-owned retail outlets across the
country and comprises high volume of transactions,
which increases the risk of revenue being recognised
inappropriately. A robust process for recording sales
revenue is critical in order to mitigate risk of error
and fraud.
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
We performed the following audit procedures in
respect of revenue recognition:
•
Evaluated the design and implementation of key
internal financial controls with respect to the
revenue recognition and tested the operating
effectiveness of such controls including those
related to the reconciliation of sales records to
cash/ credit card/ online receipts and bank
deposits, preparation, posting and approval of
journal entries based on selected transactions.
•
Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting
policy for revenue recognition in accordance
with the applicable accounting standards.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 211 ---

188 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
Key audit matter
In addition to the Holding Company-owned retail
outlets, the Holding Company generates revenue
through non-retail business and franchisee retail
outlets.
Recognition of revenue requires determination of
the net selling price after considering forecast of
sales returns (in case of digital multi-channel
business) and discounts. The estimate of sales
returns and discounts depends on the Holding
Company’s return policy, contract terms, forecast
of sales volumes and past history of quantum of
returns.
Considering the above-mentioned factors,
appropriateness of revenue recognition has been
considered as a key audit matter.
Determination of net realisable value (NRV) of
inventories of finished goods
See note 1(d), note 1A(d) and note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements.
The Holding Company’s inventory of finished goods
is spread across multiple locations comprising a
large number of retail stores, depots and factories
across the country, which are counted by the Holding
Company on a cyclical basis. The Holding Company’s
goods (footwear and accessories) are subject to
changing consumer demands and fashion trends and
the net realisable value is determined by the Holding
Company based on significant management
judgement, various assumptions and estimates
(including those related to obsolescence of slow and
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
•
In relation to the revenue from Holding
Company-owned retail outlets, tested sales
during the year on a sample basis, by agreeing
them with the cash / credit card / online
receipts and bank deposits.
•
In relation to the revenue from non-retail
business and franchisee retail outlets, tested
sale transactions during the year on a sample
basis, by examining the underlying documents
such as sales invoice, customer contracts,
shipping/dispatch documents along with proof
of delivery, as applicable.
•
Tested on a sample basis, the reconciliation of
the Holding Company-revenue recognised
during the period with the sales as per indirect
tax records.
•
Evaluated the contract terms for a sample of
customer 
contracts 
to 
assess 
the
reasonableness of refund liabilities for discounts
and returns at the year end and determine
whether the same is in line with terms of the
contract.
•
Evaluated the Holding Company’s policy for
returns and performed an analysis of trend for
sales return in case of the digital multi-channel
business and tested appropriateness of the
refund liabilities for expected sales return as at
the year-end.
•
Tested material non-standard manual journal
entries impacting revenue in the year by
understanding the rationale for the journal and
agreeing to supporting documentation in order
to confirm that the adjustments to revenue from
material manual journal entries had been
appropriately recognised.
We performed the following audit procedures in
relation to the determination of NRV of finished
goods:
•
Evaluated the design and implementation of key
internal financial controls with respect to
determination of NRV for slow and non-moving
inventory as well as inventory with low or
negative gross margins and tested the
operating effectiveness of such controls on
selected samples of transactions.
•
Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting
policy for inventory valuation as per the
applicable accounting standards.


--- Page 212 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 189
Key audit matter
non-moving inventory as well as inventory with low
or negative gross margins) as at the end of the
reporting period.
In view of involvement of significant management
judgement and significance of the carrying value of
inventory, this has been determined as a key audit
matter.
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
•
Observed the management’s physical
verification of inventory of finished goods on a
test check basis at periodic interval, to assess
the existence and condition of the inventory.
•
On a sample basis, tested whether items in the
inventory ageing report prepared by the
Holding Company were classified within the
appropriate ageing bracket.
•
Assessed the appropriateness of the
methodology adopted and assumptions
underlying the management’s assessment of
the NRV of inventories of finished goods.
•
Tested, on a sample basis, the net realisable
value of inventories at the year-end by
comparing the carrying value with their
subsequent selling prices and costs to sell
subsequent to the year-end.
5.
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is
responsible for the other information. The other
information comprises the Annual report, but
does not include the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements does not cover the other information
and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the consolidated
financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have
performed and the reports of the other auditors
as furnished to us (Refer paragraph 14 below),
we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged
with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
6.
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is
responsible for the preparation and presentation
of these consolidated financial statements in
term of the requirements of the Act that give a
true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position, consolidated financial performance,
consolidated cash flows and changes in equity
of the Group in accordance with the accounting
principles generally accepted in India, including
the Indian Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act. The respective Board of
Directors of the companies included in the Group
are responsible for maintenance of adequate
accounting records in accordance with the
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets
of the Group and for preventing and detecting
frauds and other irregularities; selection and
application of appropriate accounting policies;
making judgments and estimates that are
reasonable and prudent; and the design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate
internal financial controls, that were operating
effectively for ensuring accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records,
relevant to the preparation and presentation of
the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view and are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
which have been used for the purpose of
preparation of the consolidated financial
statements by the Directors of the Holding
Company, as aforesaid.
7.
In preparing the consolidated financial
statements, the respective Board of Directors
of the companies included in the Group are
responsible for assessing the ability of the Group
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern and
using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the Board of Directors either intends to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 213 ---

190 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
8.
The respective Board of Directors of the
companies included in the Group are responsible
for overseeing the financial reporting process of
the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements
9.
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a
high level of assurance but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs
will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.
10. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we
exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We
also:
•
Identify and assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of
internal control.
•
Obtain an understanding of internal control
relevant to the audit in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances. Under Section 143(3)(i) of
the Act, we are also responsible for
expressing our opinion on whether the
Holding Company has adequate internal
financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements in place
and the operating effectiveness of such
controls.
•
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
policies used and the reasonableness of
accounting 
estimates 
and 
related
disclosures made by management.
•
Conclude on the appropriateness of
management’s use of the going concern
basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt
on the ability of the Group to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the
related disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s
report. However, future events or conditions
may cause the Group to cease to continue
as a going concern.
•
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure
and content of the consolidated financial
statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the consolidated financial
statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation.
•
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the financial information of the
entities or business activities within the
Group to express an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and
performance of the audit of the financial
statements of such entities included in the
consolidated financial statements of which
we are the independent auditors. For the
other entities included in the consolidated
financial statements, which have been
audited by other auditors, such other
auditors remain responsible for the direction,
supervision and performance of the audits
carried out by them. We remain solely
responsible for our audit opinion.
11.
We communicate with those charged with
governance of the Holding Company regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.
12. We also provide those charged with governance
with a statement that we have complied with
relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them
all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and where applicable, related
safeguards.


--- Page 214 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 191
13. From the matters communicated with those
charged with governance, we determine those
matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements
of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our
auditor’s report unless law or regulation
precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matter
14. The standalone financial statements of two
subsidiaries reflect total assets of Rs 149.07
million and net assets of Rs 92.95 million as at
March 31, 2025, total revenue of Rs. 36.96 million,
total comprehensive income (comprising of
profit and other comprehensive income) of Rs
19.89 million and net cash flows amounting to
Rs 17.81 million for the year ended on that date,
as considered in the consolidated financial
statements. The financial statements of these
subsidiaries have been audited by other auditors
whose reports have been furnished to us by the
Holding Company’s management, and our
opinion on the consolidated financial statements
insofar as it relates to the amounts and
disclosures included in respect of these
subsidiaries and our report in terms of sub-
section (3) of Section 143 of the Act including
report on Other Information insofar as it relates
to the aforesaid subsidiaries is based on the
reports of the other auditors and the procedures
performed by us.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, and our report on Other Legal and
Regulatory Requirements below, is not modified
in respect of the above matters with respect to
our reliance on the work done and reports of
the other auditors.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory
Requirements
15. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
Order, 2020 (“CARO 2020”), issued by the
Central Government of India in terms of sub-
section (11) of Section 143 of the Act, we give in
the Annexure B, a statement on the matters
specified in paragraph 3(xxi) of CARO 2020.
16. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we
report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the
information and explanations which to the
best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of our audit of
the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as
required by law relating to preparation of
the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements have been kept so far as it
appears from our examination of those
books and the reports of the other auditors
except for the matters stated in paragraph
16(h)(vi) below on reporting under Rule 11(g)
of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
Rules, 2014 (as amended).
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(including other comprehensive income), the
Consolidated Statement of Changes in
Equity and the Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows dealt with by this Report are in
agreement with the relevant books of
account and records maintained for the
purpose of preparation of the consolidated
financial statements.
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements comply with the Indian
Accounting Standards specified under
Section 133 of the Act.
(e)  On the basis of the written representations
received from the directors of the Holding
Company as on March 31, 2025, taken on
record by the Board of Directors of the
Holding Company and the reports of the
statutory auditors of its subsidiaries
incorporated in India, none of the directors
of the Group companies incorporated in
India is disqualified as on March 31, 2025
from being appointed as a director in terms
of Section 164(2) of the Act.
(f) With respect to the maintenance of accounts
and other matters connected therewith,
reference is made to our remarks in
paragraph 16(b) above on reporting under
Section 143(3)(b) and paragraph 16(h)(vi)
below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the
Rules.
(g) With respect to the adequacy of internal
financial controls with reference to
consolidated financial statements of the
Group and the operating effectiveness of
such controls, refer to our separate report
in Annexure A.
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 215 ---

192 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
(h) With respect to the other matters to be
included in the Auditor’s Report in
accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our
opinion and to the best of our information
and according to the explanations given to
us:
i.
The consolidated financial statements
disclose the impact, if any, of pending
litigations on the consolidated financial
position of the Group - Refer Note 29(A)
to the consolidated financial statements.
ii.
The Group did not have any long-term
contracts including derivative contracts
for which there were any material
foreseeable losses.
iii.
There has been no delay in transferring
amounts required to be transferred to
the Investor Education and Protection
Fund by the Holding Company during
the year.
iv.
(a) The respective managements of the
Holding 
Company 
and 
its
subsidiaries which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under
the Act have represented to us and
the other auditors of such
subsidiaries respectively that, to the
best of their knowledge and belief,
as disclosed in Note 39 (v) to the
consolidated financial statements,
no funds have been advanced or
loaned or invested (either from
borrowed funds or share premium
or any other sources or kind of
funds) by the Holding Company or
any of such subsidiaries to or in any
other person(s) or entity(ies),
including 
foreign 
entities
(“Intermediaries”), 
with 
the
understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the
Intermediary shall, whether directly
or indirectly, lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Holding Company or any of
such 
subsidiaries 
(“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(b) The respective managements of the
Holding 
Company 
and 
its
subsidiaries which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under
the Act have represented to us and
the other auditors of such
subsidiaries respectively that, to the
best of their knowledge and belief,
as disclosed in the Notes 39(vi) to
the 
consolidated 
financial
statements, no funds have been
received by the Holding Company
or any of such subsidiaries from any
person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”),
with the understanding, whether
recorded in writing or otherwise,
that the Company or any of such
subsidiaries shall, whether directly
or indirectly, lend or invest in other
persons or entities identified in any
manner whatsoever by or on behalf
of the Funding Party (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c) Based on the audit procedures, that
has been considered reasonable and
appropriate in the circumstances,
performed by us and those
performed by the auditors of the
subsidiaries which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under
the Act, nothing has come to our or
other auditor’s notice that has
caused us or the other auditors to
believe that the representations
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule
11(e) 
contain 
any 
material
misstatement.
v.
The final dividend paid by the Holding
Company during the year in respect of
the same declared for the previous year
is in accordance with section 123 of the
Companies Act 2013 to the extent it
applies to payment of dividend. Further,
the interim dividend paid by the Holding
Company during the year in respect of
the same declared during the year is in
accordance with section 123 of the
Companies Act 2013 to the extent it
applies to payment of dividend.


--- Page 216 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 193
As stated in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Board of
Directors of the Company have
proposed final dividend for the year
which is subject to the approval of the
members at the ensuing Annual General
Meeting. The dividend declared is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act
to the extent it applies to declaration of
dividend. Further its subsidiaries have
not declared or paid any dividend during
the year.
vi.
Based on our examination, which
included test checks and that performed
by the respective auditors of the
subsidiaries, which are companies
incorporated in India whose financial
statements have been audited under the
Act, except for the instances mentioned
below, the Group has used core and
multiple 
support 
software 
for
maintaining their books of account
which have a feature of recording audit
trail (edit log) facility and that has
operated throughout the year for all
relevant transactions recorded in the
software. During the course of
performing our procedures, other than
as described below, we and the
respective auditors of the above
referred subsidiaries, did not notice any
instance of the audit trail feature being
tampered with. Additionally, other than
as described below, the audit trail, to the
extent maintained in the prior year, has
been preserved by the Company and
above referred subsidiaries as per the
statutory requirements for record
retention:
Holding Company
1.
Audit trail feature was not available for one supporting accounting software;
2.
Audit trail has been enabled for part of the year at the database level for
two supporting accounting software. Further, with respect to direct
database changes for one core accounting software, in the absence of
adequate evidence of necessary controls and documentation, we are unable
to comment on the audit trail feature; and
3.
Audit trail does not contain logs for all information related to any
modification maintained at the application level for one supporting
accounting software for part of the year and at database level for all
accounting software.
In respect of entities audited by other auditors, the following paragraphs relating to audit trail was included
in their respective audit reports, which has been reproduced by us-
Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used
an accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the financial
year ended 31st March 2025, which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit
log) facility and the same has been operated and enabled throughout the year
and operational for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further,
during the course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit
trail feature being tampered with and the management as well as software
provider has represented that the audit trail feature cannot be disabled.
Additionally as per the statutory requirements for record retention, the Audit
trail has been preserved by the company in respect of previous year with effect
from 25th October 2023 i.e., the date from which the Audit trail was enabled.
Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used
an accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the financial
year ended 31st March 2025, which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit
log) facility and the same has been enabled w.e.f. 27th June 2024 for all relevant
transactions recorded in the system. Further, during the course of our audit
we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered
with and the management has represented that the audit trail feature cannot
be disabled. The company did not enable Audit Trail feature in previous year
ended 31st March 2024, hence such Audit Trail could not be preserved for
previous year as per the statutory requirement for record retention.
Subsidiary- Way Finders
Brands Limited
Auditor- DSP &
Associates, Chartered
Accountants
Subsidiary- Bata
Properties Limited
Auditor- DSP &
Associates, Chartered
Accountants
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 217 ---

194 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
17.
The Holding Company has paid/ provided for managerial remuneration in accordance with the requisite
approvals mandated by the provisions of Section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act.
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN: 25057134BMTCOP3158
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 28, 2025


--- Page 218 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 195
Annexure A to Independent Auditor’s Report
Referred to in paragraph 16(g) of the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of
Bata India Limited on the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2025
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated
Financial Statements under clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Act
1.
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the Company as of and
for the year ended March 31, 2025, we have
audited the internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
of Bata India Limited (hereinafter referred to as
“the Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries,
which are companies incorporated in India, as
of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial
Controls
2.
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding
Company and its subsidiaries, to whom reporting
under clause (i) of sub section 3 of Section 143
of the Act in respect of the adequacy of the
internal financial controls with reference to
financial statements is applicable, which are
companies incorporated in India, are responsible
for establishing and maintaining internal financial
controls based on internal control over financial
reporting criteria established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial
Reporting (“the Guidance Note”) issued by the
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
(“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the
design, implementation and maintenance of
adequate internal financial controls that were
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and
efficient conduct of its business, including
adherence to the respective company’s policies,
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and
completeness of the accounting records, and the
timely preparation of reliable financial
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company’s internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with the Guidance Note issued by
the ICAI and the Standards on Auditing specified
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act,
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of
internal financial controls, both applicable to an
audit of internal financial controls and both
issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the
Guidance Note require that we comply with
ethical requirements and plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether adequate internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
was established and maintained and if such
controls operated effectively in all material
respects.
4.
Our audit involves performing procedures to
obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the
internal financial controls system with reference
to consolidated financial statements and their
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements included obtaining an
understanding of internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including
the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
5.
We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the
other auditors in terms of their reports referred
to in the Other Matters paragraph below is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our audit opinion on the Holding Company’s
internal financial controls system with reference
to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
6.
The holding company’s internal financial control
with reference to consolidated financial
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements


--- Page 219 ---

196 |  Annual Report 2024-25
BATA INDIA LIMITED
statements is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of
consolidated financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal
financial control with reference to consolidated
financial statements includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of consolidated financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management
and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the consolidated
financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls
with reference to consolidated financial statements
7.
Because of the inherent limitations of internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements, including the possibility of
collusion or improper management override of
controls, material misstatements due to error or
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the internal
financial controls with reference to consolidated
financial statements to future periods are subject
to the risk that the internal financial control with
reference to consolidated financial statements
may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
8.
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its
subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated
in India, have, in all material respects, an
adequate internal financial controls system with
reference to consolidated financial statements
and such internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025,
based on the internal control over financial
reporting criteria established by the Company
considering the essential components of internal
control stated in the Guidance Note issued by
the ICAI.
Other Matter
9.
Our aforesaid reports under Section 143(3)(i) of
the Act on the adequacy and operating
effectiveness of the internal financial controls
with reference to consolidated financial
statements insofar as it relates to two
subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated
in India, is based on the corresponding reports
of the auditors of such companies incorporated
in India. Our opinion is not modified in respect
of this matter.
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN: 25057134BMTCOP3158
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 28, 2025


--- Page 220 ---

Annual Report 2024-25  | 197
Annexure B to Independent Auditor’s Report
Referred to in paragraph 15 of the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date to the members
of Bata India Limited on the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
March 31, 2025
As required by paragraph 3(xxi) of the CARO 2020, we report that the auditors of the following companies
have given qualification or adverse remarks in their CARO report on the standalone financial statements of
the respective companies included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Holding Company:
S.
Name of the
CIN
Relationship
Date of the
Paragraph number
No.
Company
with the Holding
respective
in the respective
Company
auditors’ report
CARO report
1.
Bata India
L19201WB1931PLC007261
Holding
May 28, 2025
i (c) and vii (a)
Limited
Company
2.
Bata
U70101WB1987PLC042839
Subsidiary
May 26, 2025
i (c)
Properties
Limited
3.
Way Finders
U19100WB2014PLC204637
Subsidiary
May 26, 2025
ii(a), xvi and xviii
Brands
Limited
For Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP
Firm Registration Number: 012754N/N500016
Rajib Chatterjee
Partner
Membership Number: 057134
UDIN: 25057134BMTCOP3158
Place: Gurugram
Date: May 28, 2025
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
