--- Page 197 ---

Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
195
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2021-22
39-116
118-271
01-38
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matter
Auditor’s Response
1
Revenue recognition:
Principal audit procedures performed:
See Note 1.b.D and Note 17 to the consolidated 
financial statements
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when 
control in goods is transferred to the customer and 
is measured net of rebates, discounts and returns. A 
significant part of Group’s revenue relates to sales 
through a number of company owned outlets. These 
transactions are of high volume with individually 
small values. This creates an inherent risk of revenue 
not being recognised accurately. As a result, the 
related business processes and internal controls are 
critical in order to address the risk of error and fraud 
in the revenue business cycle. This is an area of audit 
focus and has led to the identification of revenue 
recognition as a key audit matter.
In view of the significance of the matter we applied the 
following audit procedures in this area, among others to 
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
	
Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting 
policy for revenue recognition as per the relevant 
accounting standard.
	
Evaluated the design and implementation of key 
internal financial controls with respect to the revenue 
business cycle and tested the operating effectiveness 
of such controls including those related to the 
reconciliation of sales records to tender accepted 
(cash / credit card / online receipts), preparation, 
posting and approval of journal entries on the basis 
of selected transactions.
	
For samples selected, performed detailed testing of 
sale transactions during the year by agreeing daily 
sales statements, tender reconciliations from sales 
terminals with the cash / credit card / online receipts 
and deposit of cash amounts recorded in daily cash 
reports with bank deposits.
	
Performed cash counts, on a sample basis, at selected 
stores and examined whether the cash balances are 
in agreement with cash receipts report.
	
Tested sample journal entries out of a population of 
entries passed during the year, selected based on 
specified risk-based criteria, to identify unusual items.
	
Involved IT specialists to assist us in testing of general 
IT controls and key IT application controls (automated 
controls) relating to revenue recognition.
	
We carried out analytical procedures based on 
revenue store/ category /month-wise to identify 
unusual variances, if any.
Information Other than the Financial 
Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
	
The Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis and Directors Report 
including annexures to Director’s Report but does 
not include the consolidated financial statements, 
the standalone financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. The other information is 
expected to be made available to us after the date of 
this auditor’s report.
	
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do 
not and will not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
	
In connection with our audit of the consolidated 
financial statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information identified above when it becomes 
available, compare with the financial statements of 
the subsidiary and joint venture audited by the other 
auditors, to the extent it relates to these entities and, 
in doing so, place reliance on the work of the other 
auditors and consider whether the other information 


--- Page 198 ---

196
Metro Brands Limited
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
during the course of our audit or otherwise appears 
to be materially misstated. Other information so far 
as it relates to the subsidiary and joint venture, is 
traced from their financial statements audited by the 
other auditors.
	
When we read the other information, if we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement therein, 
we are required to communicate the matter to 
those charged with governance as required under 
SA 720 ‘The Auditor’s responsibilities Relating to 
Other Information’.
Management’s Responsibility for the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
The Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to 
the preparation of these consolidated financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position, consolidated financial performance including 
other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows 
and consolidated changes in equity of the Group including 
its joint venture in accordance with the Ind AS and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in India. The 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible 
for maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding 
the assets of the Group and its joint venture and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the 
preparation and presentation of the financial statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which 
have been used for the purpose of preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements by the Directors of the 
Parent, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group and of its joint venture are responsible 
for assessing the ability of the respective entities to 
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going 
concern basis of accounting unless the respective Board 
of Directors either intends to liquidate their respective 
entities or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies 
included in the Group and of its joint venture are also 
responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process 
of the Group and of its joint venture.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether the consolidated financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report 
that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional 
judgment 
and 
maintain 
professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
	
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
	
Obtain an understanding of internal financial 
control relevant to the audit in order to design 
audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, 
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Parent has adequate internal 
financial controls system in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls.
	
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
	
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 


--- Page 199 ---

Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
197
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2021-22
39-116
118-271
01-38
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
ability of the Group and its joint venture to continue 
as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention 
in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the consolidated financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the 
Group and its joint venture to cease to continue as 
a going concern.
	
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of  the consolidated financial statements, 
including 
the 
disclosures, 
and 
whether 
the 
consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
	
Obtain 
sufficient 
appropriate 
audit 
evidence 
regarding the financial information of the entities 
or business activities within the Group and its joint 
venture to express an opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements. We are responsible for the 
direction, supervision and performance of the 
audit of the financial statements of such entities 
or business activities included in the consolidated 
financial statements of which we are the independent 
auditors. For the other entities or business activities 
included in the consolidated financial statements, 
which have been audited by the other auditors, such 
other auditors remain responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audits carried 
out by them. We remain solely responsible for 
our audit opinion.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions 
of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated 
financial statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) 
planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect 
of any identified misstatements in the consolidated 
financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
of the Parent and such other entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, 
the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant 
audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in 
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the consolidated 
financial statements of the current period and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report 
because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements of a subsidiary, 
whose financial statements reflect total assets of 
` 5,063.40 lakhs as at March 31, 2022, total revenues 
of ` 3,531.88 lakhs and net cash outflows amounting 
to ` 237.19 lakhs for the year ended on that date, as 
considered in the consolidated financial statements. 
The consolidated financial statements also include the 
Group’s share of net profit of ` 124.32 lakhs for the year 
ended March 31, 2022, as considered in the consolidated 
financial statements, in respect of a joint venture, whose 
financial statements have not been audited by us. 
These financial statements have been audited by other 
auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by 
the Management and our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts 
and disclosures included in respect of the subsidiary 
and joint venture, and our report in terms of subsection 
(3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the 
aforesaid subsidiary and joint venture is based solely on 
the reports of the other auditors.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
above and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the 
above matters with respect to our reliance on the work 
done and the reports of the other auditors.


--- Page 200 ---

198
Metro Brands Limited
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements
1.	
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our 
audit and on the consideration of the reports of the 
other auditors on the separate financial statements 
of the subsidiary and joint venture referred to in the 
Other Matters section above we report, to the extent 
applicable that:
a)	
We 
have 
sought 
and 
obtained 
all 
the 
information and explanations which to the best 
of our knowledge and belief were necessary 
for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements.
b)	
In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law relating to preparation of the 
aforesaid consolidated financial statements 
have been kept so far as it appears from our 
examination of those books, returns and the 
reports of the other auditors.
c)	
The 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet, 
the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the relevant books of account maintained for 
the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements.
d)	
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements comply with the Ind AS 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
e)	
On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors of the Parent as on 
March 31, 2022 taken on record by the Board of 
Directors of the Company and the reports of the 
statutory auditors of its subsidiary company and 
joint venture company incorporated in India, 
none of the directors of the Group companies 
and its joint venture company incorporated in 
India is disqualified as on March 31, 2022 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act.
f)	
With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, 
refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” 
which is based on the auditors’ reports of the 
Parent and subsidiary company incorporated 
in India, to  whom internal financial controls 
over financial reporting is applicable. Our 
report expresses an unmodified opinion on 
the adequacy and operating effectiveness 
of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of those companies.
g)	
With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as 
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations 
given to us, the remuneration paid by the Parent 
to its directors during the year is in accordance 
with the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
h)	
With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended in our opinion and to the 
best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
	
i)	
The 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
disclose the impact of pending litigations 
on the consolidated financial position of the 
Group and its joint venture (Refer Note 26 
to the consolidated financial statements);
	
ii)	
The Group and its joint venture did not 
have any material foreseeable losses 
on 
long- 
term 
contracts 
including 
derivative contracts.
	
iii)	
There were no amounts which were 
required to be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the 
Parent, its subsidiary company and joint 
venture company incorporated in India.
	
iv)	
(a)	
The respective Managements of the 
Parent Company and its subsidiary 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act 
have represented to us and the 
other auditors of such subsidiary 
respectively that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in 
the notes to accounts (Refer Note 44 to 
the consolidated financial statements), 
no funds (which are material either 


--- Page 201 ---

Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
199
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2021-22
39-116
118-271
01-38
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Parent Company or 
any of such subsidiary to or in any 
other persons or entities, including 
foreign entities.
	
	
(b)	 The respective Managements of the 
Parent Company and its subsidiary 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act 
have represented to us and the 
other auditors of such subsidiary 
respectively that, to the best of their 
knowledge and belief, as disclosed in 
the notes to accounts (Refer Note 44 to 
the consolidated financial statements), 
no funds (which are material either 
individually 
or 
in 
the 
aggregate) 
have been received by the Parent 
Company or any of such subsidiary 
from any persons or entities, including 
foreign entities.
	
	
(c)	
Based on the audit procedures that 
has been considered reasonable and 
appropriate 
in 
the 
circumstances 
performed by us and those performed 
by the auditors of the subsidiary 
which are companies incorporated 
in India whose financial statements 
have been audited under the Act, 
nothing has come to our or other 
auditor’s notice that has caused us 
or the other auditors to believe that 
the representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided 
under (a) and (b) above, contain any 
material misstatement.
	
v)	
The final dividend proposed in the previous 
year, declared and paid by the Parent during 
the year is in accordance with section 123 of 
the Act, as applicable.
	
	
The interim dividend declared and paid by 
the Parent during the year and until the 
date of this report is in accordance with 
section 123 of the Companies Act 2013.
	
	
As stated in note 11.II to the financial 
statements, the Board of Directors of the 
Company have proposed final dividend for 
the year which is subject to the approval 
of the members at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting. The amount of dividend 
proposed is in accordance with section 123 
of the Act, as applicable.
2.	
With respect to the matters specified in clause (xxi) 
of paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies 
(Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“CARO”) issued 
by the Central Government in terms of Section 
143(11) of the Act, according to the information and 
explanations given to us, and based on the CARO 
reports issued by us and the auditors of respective 
companies included in the consolidated financial 
statements to which reporting under CARO is 
applicable, as provided to us by the Management of 
the Parent, we report that there are no qualifications 
or adverse remarks by the respective auditors in the 
CARO reports of the said companies included in the 
consolidated financial statements.
For DELOITTE HASKINS AND SELLS
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No.117365W)
KETAN VORA
Partner
Place: Coorg 
Membership No. 100459
Date: May 20, 2022 
(UDIN: 22100459AJIBKH7668)


--- Page 202 ---

200
Metro Brands Limited
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 
March 31, 2022, we have audited the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of Metro Brands Limited 
(hereinafter referred to as “Parent”) and its subsidiary 
company, which are companies incorporated in India, as 
of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Parent and its 
subsidiary company, which are companies incorporated 
in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by 
the respective Companies considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct 
of its business, including adherence to the respective 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and 
the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting of the Parent 
and its subsidiary company, which are companies 
incorporated in India, based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India and the Standards on  Auditing, 
prescribed  under Section 143(10) of the Companies 
Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal 
financial controls. Those Standards and the Guidance 
Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable 
assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting was established and 
maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining 
an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and 
the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors of the 
subsidiary company, which is a company incorporated in 
India, in terms of their reports referred to in the Other 
Matters paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting of the 
Parent and its subsidiary company, which are companies 
incorporated in India.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal financial control over financial 
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes 
in 
accordance 
with 
generally 
accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of 
records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets 
of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that 
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorisations of management 
and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection 


--- Page 203 ---

Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
201
Corporate Overview
Annual Report 2021-22
39-116
118-271
01-38
of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the 
financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur 
and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls over financial reporting 
to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal 
financial control over financial reporting may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us and based on 
the consideration of the reports of the other auditors 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the 
Parent and its subsidiary company, which are companies 
incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 
31, 2022, based on the criteria for internal financial control 
over financial reporting established by the respective 
companies considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Other Matters
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act 
on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting insofar 
as it relates to a subsidiary company, which is a company 
incorporated in India, is based solely on the corresponding 
reports of the auditors of such company incorporated in 
India.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.
For DELOITTE HASKINS AND SELLS
Chartered Accountants
(Firm’s Registration No.117365W)
KETAN VORA
Partner
Place: Coorg 
Membership No. 100459
Date: May 20, 2022 
(UDIN: 22100459AJIBKH7668)
