--- Page 29 ---

The Premium & affordable fashion stores had signiﬁcant share of 73.8% followed by Crocs stores 15%, Value line stores 4.4%, 
Ecommerce 6% and Raw materials 0.4%.
On a standalone basis, your Company clocked Gross Turnover of ` 919.43 crore , a de-growth of 34.9% for the year. The Covid 
pandemic has had an adverse impact on the company’s sales and operations. In spite of fall in sales, the cost saving measures 
undertaken by the company during the year viz. negotiation in rentals, ﬁt-outs costs, packing & admin costs and other 
discretionary costs, has enabled the company to achieve positive bottomline.
Business review
Fiscal 2021 has been a challenging year for the Indian economy, which was already experiencing a slowdown before the 
pandemic created the 'perfect storm'. India's economy contracted 7.3% as lockdowns and other containment efforts to control 
COVID-19 slashed domestic consumption without halting the spread of the disease despite drastic ﬁscal and monetary stimulus. 
After contracting in the ﬁrst half because of the Covid-19 pandemic, the economy rebounded in the second half, growing 0.5% and 
1.6% on-year in the third and fourth quarters, respectively. While the economy shrank as a whole in ﬁscal 2021, agriculture and 
allied activities, and electricity, gas, water supply and other utility services were the outliers, logging positive growth. On the other 
hand, the contact-intensive trade, hotels, transport and communication sectors, and services related to broadcasting were hit the 
most and continued to shrink in all the quarters. Construction – a labor-intensive sector – was also severely hit in the ﬁrst half but 
rebounded in the second half. Though there has been some pick-up in recent months, recovery is weak. And indeed, the scars of 
the pandemic continue to run deep for small businesses, the urban poor and most of the services sector. The gains made by the 
economy in the fourth quarter of ﬁscal 2021 seem to have ﬁzzled out in the ﬁrst quarter of ﬁscal 2022 because of the ﬁerce second 
wave of Covid-19, leading to localized lockdowns in most states. The second wave suggests the pandemic remains an ongoing 
risk. India's second wave has wreaked havoc, daily cases crossing a staggering 3 lakh in the week through April 25. India's daily 
infections recorded the highest number of cases in a single day among countries worldwide, and daily deaths crossed the peak of 
the ﬁrst wave. India is getting back on its feet slowly, with divergent growth trends. Domestic demand will be required to be 
supported by continued monetary and ﬁscal stimulus. Economy is expected to have a gradual recovery as consumer sentiment 
remains weak on pandemic-related uncertainties. We expect economic recovery to gain momentum from H2 (2021) as we see 
vaccination ramp up and the resultant control of the pandemic lifting consumer and business conﬁdence. Indian economy will 
surely beneﬁt from policy support including higher spending on infrastructure, rural development, health and a stronger than 
expected recovery in services and manufacturing. Good monsoon all over the country will play as a booster for the rural economy. 
CRISIL forecasts India's GDP growth to rebound to 9.5% in ﬁscal 2022.
Indian Economy
Global challenges remained in 2020 as well. According to the UN report, in 2020, the world economy shrank by 4.3 per cent, over 
two and half times more than during the global ﬁnancial crisis of 2009. Developed economies shrank the most in 2020, by 5.6 per 
cent, due to economic shutdowns and subsequent waves of the pandemic increasing the risk of premature austerity measures 
that would only derail recovery efforts globally. Developing countries saw a less severe contraction at 2.5 per cent. The COVID-19 
crisis has wreaked havoc on labor markets in the developing world. By mid-2020, unemployment rates had quickly escalated to 
record highs. 131 million more people were pushed into poverty in 2020, many of them women, children and people from 
marginalized communities. The pandemic has adversely affected women and girls disproportionately, exposing them to 
increased risk of economic devastation, poverty, violence and illiteracy. Women make up more than 50 per cent of the workforce in 
high-risk labor and service intensive sectors, such as retail, hospitality and tourism - areas hardest hit by the lockdown. Many of 
them have limited or no access to social protection. Massive and timely stimulus measures prevented a total collapse of the world 
economy and averted a Great Depression. However, stark disparity in the size of the stimulus packages rolled out by developed 
and developing countries will put them on different trajectories of recovery. The stimulus spending per capita by the developed 
countries has been nearly 580 times higher than those of the least developed countries (LDCs) although the average per capita 
income of the developed countries has been only 30 times higher than that of the LDCs. The drastic disparity underscores the 
need for greater international solidarity and support, including debt relief, for the most vulnerable group of countries. According to 
the report, global trade shrank by an estimated 7.6 per cent in 2020 against the backdrop of massive disruptions in global supply 
chains and tourism ﬂows. Lingering trade tensions between major economies and stalemates in multilateral trade negotiations 
were already constraining global trade before the pandemic. The modest recovery of 4.7 per cent expected in 2021 would barely 
offset the losses of 2020. Developed economies, projected to see a 4 per cent output growth whereas Developing countries are 
expected rebound of 5.7 per cent in 2021. In most economies, domestic demand will be supported by continued monetary and 
ﬁscal stimulus. The projections, however, are highly contingent on the successful containment of the Covid-19 virus, both 
domestically and abroad. With multiple waves of the pandemic threatening to trigger another round of widespread lockdowns, 
downside risks to the growth outlook remain high. 
Global Economy
18


--- Page 30 ---

EAST
13%
WEST
32%
SOUTH
31%
NORTH
24%
STORES - REGION WISE
STORES REVENUE - GENDER WISE
(excluding ecommerce)
LADIES
38%
UNISEX
9%
GENTS
29%
KIDS
5%
ACCESSORIES
9 %
India is expected to become the world's third-largest consumer economy, reaching ` 27.95 lakh crore (US$ 400 billion) in 
consumption by 2025. Increasing participation from foreign and private players has given a boost to Indian retail industry. India's 
price competitiveness attracts large retail players to use it as a sourcing base. Global retailers are increasing their sourcing from 
India and are moving from third-party buying ofﬁces to establishing their own wholly owned/wholly managed sourcing and buying 
ofﬁces in India. India has become a favorable market for fashion retailers on the back of a large young adult consumer base, 
increasing disposable income and relaxed FDI norms.
India is a rapidly growing economy which can capitalize on its strengths of ready availability of key resources such as land, water, 
power and manpower and conducive regulatory framework for non-leather footwear industry to thrive. India has advantage of 
large and growing domestic market, ready state-of-art infrastructure, availability of manpower, comparative factors of production, 
favorable policy ecosystem and support by the Government. 
Opportunities and Strength 
The footwear industry in India contributes about two per cent to India's overall GDP along with employing 2 Mn workers, making 
the sector one of the top employment generators in the country. The market size of the footwear industry is estimated be at $ 10.6 
Bn in 2019, estimated to grow to $15.5 Bn by 2024, registering a CAGR of 13 per cent from 2018 to 2019. The non-leather footwear 
accounts for 59 per cent of the overall footwear market in India sub-divided in textile & other footwear (46 per cent) and athletic 
footwear (13 per cent).
Indian retail industry has emerged as one of the most dynamic and fast-paced industries due to the entry of several new players. It 
accounts for over 10% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and around eight% of the employment. India is the world's 
ﬁfth-largest global destination in the retail space. Retail sector has contributed US$ 8 Bn to India's GDP in FY20 and has employed 
8% of its workforce (35+ Mn). India's retail sector is experiencing exponential growth with retail development taking place not just 
in major cities and metros, but also in tier II and III cities. Healthy economic growth, changing demographic proﬁle, increasing 
disposable income, urbanization, changing consumer tastes and preferences are some of the factors driving growth in the 
organized retail market in India. 
Industry Structure and Developments
By value, Footwear contributed 91% of the Ofﬂine store revenue, while Bags and Accessories contributed 9% for the year.
The Company has well diversiﬁed store network across the four regions in India, in Metro cities (193 stores), Tier 1 cities (188 
stores), Tier 2 cities (141 stores) and Tier 3 cities (64 stores), with good presence in High streets and Malls. 
19
STORES - LOCATION WISE
STORES - TIER WISE
METRO
CITIES
33%
TIER 2
24%
MALL
44%
HIGH STREET
51%
AIRPORT
1%
SHOP IN
SHOP
4%
TIER 3
11%
TIER 1
32%


--- Page 31 ---

The statements in this report describing the Company's plans, projections, estimates and expectations may constitute into 
“Forward Looking Statements” within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results may differ materially from 
those expressed or implied.
Cautionary Statement  
Your Company is recipient of - India's Retail Champions 2021 – a prestigious award presented by Bhartiya Mall of Bengaluru and 
supported by RAI (Retailers Association of India).  This award is felicitated to the retail companies and brands that have constantly 
pushed the envelope to excel, innovate and stay relevant for the consumer. 
Awards  
Your Company will continue to maintain focus on freshness in its products by introducing different and innovative designs, 
delightful customer service, availability of best quality products, development of brands, store designs of international standards, 
inventory management and best use of the technology for business. The Company is conﬁdent of withstanding the competition as 
in the past and to emerge as a stronger player in the Industry. 
E-commerce is expanding steadily in the country. Customers have the ever-increasing choice of products at the lowest rates. E-
commerce is probably creating the biggest revolution in retail industry, and this trend is likely to continue in the years to come. 
Retailers should leverage digital retail channels (E-commerce), which would enable them to spend less money on real estate 
while reaching out to more customers all over the country.
Overall, long-term outlook for the industry looks positive, supported by rising income, favorable demographics, entry of foreign 
players, and increasing urbanization. Factors that make India so attractive include the second largest population in the world, a 
middle class of 600 mn people, increasing urbanization, rising household incomes, connected rural consumers and increasing 
consumer spending.
Outlook
Footwear priced up to ₹ 1,000 attract 5% GST whereas footwear priced above ₹ 1,000 attract higher rate of 18% GST. High tax 
rate is major concern in promoting growth of the industry and therefore the Industry is advocating for a uniform rate of 12% GST on 
all footwear. 
Indian Government has prescribed a requirement to bear a BIS certiﬁcation mark issued in terms of the Bureau of Indian 
Standards (Conformity Assessment) Regulations, 2018. The goods mentioned in the Notiﬁcations include rubber hawai chappal, 
rubber slippers, canvas shoes with rubber gum boots and ankle boots, rubber sole, canvas boots with rubber sole, derby shoes, 
etc. In terms of the Notiﬁcations, both domestic as well as imported goods are required to be certiﬁed by the Bureau of Indian 
Standards ('BIS').  Post implementation of this standard, a shoe manufacturer will not be able to sell any footwear if it does not 
comply with the abovesaid regulations. The Footwear Industry needs time to be ready and be compliant with this standard and 
hence has sought some relaxation in the norms and extension of the effective timeline by at-least 6 months to gear up for the said 
requirement. 
The ongoing coronavirus pandemic across the globe is severely affecting the growth of footwear market. Supply of raw material 
imports such as laces, shoe lining, ornaments, buckles, insoles, outsoles, cellulose board, shank board, form and packing 
material has adversely affected. There has been negative impact on export orders too as major markets of EU and USA were 
severely affected by the pandemic and closed down.
Threats and Concerns
Your Company has strength as a Specialty Branded Footwear Retailer with strong nationwide presence across all footwear 
segments and categories, having a brand appeal among aspirational consumer segments in the fast-growing footwear retail 
industry. Your Company has presence across multiple formats and offers a wide range of brands and products catering to all 
occasions across age groups and market segments resulting in strong customer loyalty. Your Company is a platform of choice for 
third party brands looking to expand in India. 
As per report released by the Department for the promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) footwear sector has capacity to 
generate 250 jobs for every investment of INR 1 Crore. For every 1000 pairs produced and sold in India, the sector can create 425 
jobs spanning manufacturing, allied Industries and retail. The footwear sector can create up to four Mn jobs in the next ﬁve years in 
India by imparting basic skills and creating blue collar jobs in a short span of time. Having signiﬁcant potential this industry does not 
cause any harm to the environment nor adds pressure to existing resources such as land, water, energy.
In worldwide consumption terms, 86 per cent of global footwear consumption has become non-leather by volume. Leather is being 
constantly replaced by non-leather material due to increasing awareness about sustainability and leather being relatively more 
expensive material. Herein, lies a double-digit growth opportunity which India, the second largest producer and consumer of 
footwear in the world, is ready to tap into.
20
