--- Page 68 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
66
	
No case has been filed by any stakeholder against the 
Company regarding unfair trade practices, irresponsible 
advertising and/or anti-competitive behavior during last 
five years.
4.	
Did your company carry out any consumer survey/ 
consumer satisfaction trends? 
	
At the new product development division, the Company 
conducts various consumer survey, market sensing and 
monitors evolving consumer needs to develop relevant 
products. Your Company, also seeks consumer and trade 
feedback before and after launch of its products. The 
Company has a strong Customer Feedback Mechanism 
to capture feedback from customers on their shopping 
experience. The Company also conducts brand track study 
for its brands.


--- Page 69 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
67
Independent Auditors’ Report
TO THE MEMBERS OF RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
Report on the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of 
Relaxo Footwears Limited (“the Company”), which comprise 
the Balance Sheet as at  March 31, 2021, the Statement of 
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, 
including a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “financial 
statements”).
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid  financial statements 
give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view 
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) 
and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of 
the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2021 and its 
profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its 
cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the financial statements under the provisions of the Act and 
the rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the 
ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters.
Description of Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revenue Recognition
(Refer Note no.21,30 and 46 to the Financial statements:
As per the accounting policy of the Company, the revenue is recognised 
upon transfer of control of goods to the customer and thus requires an 
estimation of the revenue taking into consideration the rebates and 
discounts as per the terms of the contracts.
With regard to the determination of revenue, the management is 
required to make significant estimates in respect of following:
• 	 the rebates/ discounts  linked to sales, which will be given to the 
customers pursuant to schemes offered by the Company; and
•	 discounts offered by the customers to the ultimate consumers at the 
behest of the Company.
The matter has been determined to be a key audit matter in view of the 
involvement of significant estimates by the management.
Our audit procedures included the following:
•	 Obtained an understanding from the management with regard to 
controls relating to recording of rebates and discounts and period end 
provisions relating to estimation of revenue, and tested the operating 
effectiveness of such controls;
•	 Tested the inputs used in the estimation of revenue in context of 
rebates and discounts to source data;
•	 Assessed the underlying assumptions used for determination of 
rebates and discounts;
•	 Ensured the completeness of liabilities recognised by evaluating the 
parameters for sample schemes;
•	 Performed look-back analysis for past trends by comparing recent 
actuals with the estimates of earlier periods and assessed subsequent 
events;
•	 Tested credit notes issued to customers and payments made to them 
during the year and subsequent to the year end along with the terms 
of the related schemes.
Based on the above procedures, we did not identify any significant 
deviation to the assessment made by management in respect of 
estimation of rebates and discounts.


--- Page 70 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
68
Key audit matters
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Provisions, Litigations, Claims and Contingent Liabilities:
( Refer Note-17 , 30 and  31)
The management is required to make judgements and estimates in 
relation to the issues and exposures arising from a range of matters 
relating to direct tax, indirect tax, general legal proceedings and other 
eventualities arising in the regular course of business. The Company 
is also subject to complexities arising from uncertain tax positions on 
deductibility of expenses and allowance of certain tax deductions.
The key judgement lies in determining the likelihood and magnitude of 
the possible cash outflows and interpretations of the legal aspects, tax 
legislations and judgements previously made by authorities. By nature, 
these are complex and include many variables.
Our audit procedures included the following:
•	 We tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness 
of key internal controls around the recognition and measurement of 
provisions.
•	 We inquired the status in respect of significant provisions with the 
Company’s internal tax and legal team.
•	 We involved our subject matter experts, wherever required, to 
assess the value of material provisions in light of the nature of the 
exposures, applicable regulations and related correspondence with 
the authorities.
•	 We challenged the assumptions and critical judgements made by 
the Company which impacted their estimate of provision required, 
considering judgements previously made by the authorities in 
the relevant jurisdictions or any relevant opinions given by the 
Company’s advisors and assessing whether there was an indication of 
management bias.
• 	 We verified the calculation of provision on a test check basis.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditors’ Report thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures 
to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include 
the financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our 
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We 
have nothing to report in this regard. 
Management’s 
Responsibility 
for 
the 
Financial 
Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to 
the preparation of these  financial statements that give a true 
and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, 
cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditors’ Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements.


--- Page 71 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
69
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
•	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and 
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control. 
•	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we 
are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal financial controls system in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
•	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
•	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the 
going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditors’ report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. 
•	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the financial statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation. 
•	 Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the financial 
statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable 
user of the financial statements may be influenced. We 
consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in 
(i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating 
the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any 
identified misstatements in the financial statements.
	 We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards. 
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the 
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.	 As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 
(“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in the Annexure 
‘A’ a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 
4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2.	 As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a)	 We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit.
(b)	 In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
(c)	 The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow 
Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt 
with by this Report are in agreement with the books of 
account.
(d)	 In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements comply 
with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act.
(e)	 On the basis of written representations received from the 
directors as at March 31, 2021 and taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as 
at March 31, 2021 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of section 164 (2) of the Act. 
(f)	 With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in Annexure ‘B’
(g)	 With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended: 


--- Page 72 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
70
	
In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during 
the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 
197 of the Act. 
(h)	 With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
i.	
The Company has disclosed the impact of pending 
litigations on its financial position in its financial 
statements
ii.	 The Company did not have any long-term contracts 
including any derivative contracts for which there 
were any material foreseeable losses;
iii.	 There has been no delay in transferring amounts, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company.
	
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
	
Chartered Accountants
	
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
	
Sudhir Maheshwari
	
Partner
	
Membership No.081075
New Delhi, May 20, 2021 	
UDIN: 21081075AAAABP9700


--- Page 73 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
71
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our report of even date)
1)	 In respect of its fixed assets:
(a)	 The Company has maintained proper records showing full 
particulars including quantitative details and situation of 
fixed assets.
(b)	 According to the information and explanations given 
to us, fixed assets have been physically verified by the 
management in a phased periodical manner which in 
our opinion is reasonable having regard to the size of 
the Company and nature of its assets. No material 
discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
(c)	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us and on the basis of our 
examination of the records of the Company, the title 
deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of 
the Company except for the following which are not held 
in the name of the Company:
Particulars
Freehold 
Land
Building 
Factory
Gross Block as at March 31, 2021 
(H in Crore)
24.90
18.61
Net Block as at  March 31, 2021 
(H in Crore)
24.90
16.14
2)	 In respect of its inventories:
(a)	 The management has physically verified the inventories 
at reasonable intervals during the year. In our opinion, 
the frequency of verification is reasonable.
(b)	 The discrepancies noticed on verification between the 
physical stocks and the book records were not material 
and such discrepancies have been properly dealt with in 
the books of accounts.   
3)	 According to the information and explanations given to us, 
the Company has not granted any loans  secured or unsecured 
to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or other 
parties covered in the register maintained under section 189 
of the Act
4)	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not granted any 
loans or provided any guarantees or security to the parties 
cover under section 185 of the Act. In respect of investments 
made by the Company, the provisions of section 186 of the 
Act have been complied with.
5)	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us the Company has not accepted 
deposits during the year and does not have any unclaimed 
deposits as at March 31, 2021 and therefore, the provisions of 
the clause 3 (v) of the Order are not applicable to the Company. 
6)	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the maintenance of cost records 
has not been specified by the Central Government under 
section 148(1) of the Act for the business activities carried 
out by the Company. Therefore, reporting under clause 3(vi) 
of the order is not applicable to the Company. 
7)	 (a)	
According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the Company has generally been regular in 
depositing with appropriate authorities undisputed 
statutory dues including Provident Fund, Employees’ 
State Insurance, Income Tax, GST, Custom Duty, Cess 
and other material statutory dues applicable to it. 
According to the information and explanations given 
to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of the 
aforesaid dues were outstanding as at March 31, 2021 
for a period of more than six months from the date they 
become payable.


--- Page 74 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
72
S.No.
Name of the Statute
Nature of the 
Dues
Amount
Period to which the amount 
relates
Forum where dispute is 
pending
1.
Haryana General Sales Tax Act, 1973.
Purchase Tax
0.20
2001-02
Jt. Commissioner
0.15
2002-03
Jt. Commissioner
2.
Delhi Value Added Tax Act, 2005
Input Tax  
0.04
2005-06
Appellate Tribunal, Delhi
0.22
2013-14
3.
Rajasthan Tax on Entry of Goods into Local 
Area   Act, 1999
Entry Tax
  0.71
2011-12 to 2016-17
Tax Board, (Ajmer).
4.
Income Tax Act, 1961
Income Tax (*)
5.44(*) 
Assessment Years 2006-07, 
2008-09, 2009-10, 2012-13, 
2013-14, 2016-17 to 2019-20
Assessing Officer & CPC
TDS
 0.04
2008-09 to 2011-12, 2013-14 to 
2015-16, 2017-18 to 2019-20
Assessing Officer, 
Commissioner (A), ITAT
Total
6.80
(*) The above demands are majorly on account of Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) credit not given by Income Tax Department while issuing intimations 
under section 143(1) of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Company has disputed the same demands as Company has already deposited the DDT on time and 
has also submitted the proof for payment of same to the Income Tax Department for deleting the said demands.
(b)	  According to the information and explanations given to us, the following disputed statutory dues aggregating to H 6.80 Crore, 
that have not been deposited on account of matters pending before appropriate authorities, are as under: -                     (C in Crore)
8)	 Based on the information and explanations given to us, we 
are of the opinion that the Company has not defaulted in 
repayment of loans and borrowings to banks. The Company 
did not have any outstanding loans and borrowings from 
government and debenture holders during the year.
9)	 The company has not raised any money by way of initial 
public offer, further public offer (including debt instruments) 
during the year. In our opinion, the term loans have been 
applied for the purpose for which they were obtained.
10)	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, no fraud on or by the Company by 
its officers or employees has been noticed or reported during 
the year.
11)	 In our opinion, the managerial remuneration has been 
paid or provided in accordance with the requisite approvals 
mandated by the provisions of section 197 read with Schedule 
V to the Act.
12)	 In our opinion, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. 
Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xii) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
13)	 In our opinion, all transactions with the related parties are 
in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Act wherever 
applicable and the details have been disclosed in the financial 
statements, as required by the applicable Indian accounting 
standards.
14)	 The company has not made any preferential allotment or 
private placement of shares or fully or partly convertible 
debentures during the year, therefore reporting under clause 
3(xiv) of the Order are not applicable.
15)	 According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on an overall examination of the financial statements of 
the Company, we report that the Company has not entered 
into any non- cash transaction with directors or persons 
connected with him, therefore reporting under clause 3(xv) 
of the Order are not applicable. 
16)	 In our, opinion, the Company is not required to be registered 
under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
	
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
	
Chartered Accountants
	
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
	
Sudhir Maheshwari
	
Partner
	
Membership No.081075
New Delhi, May 20, 2021 	
UDIN: 21081075AAAABP9700


--- Page 75 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
73
Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 2(f) under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under clause 
(i) of sub section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of Relaxo Footwears Limited (“the Company”) as 
of March 31, 2021 in conjunction with our audit of the financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal 
financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI 
and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, 
to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, 
both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting was established and maintained 
and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial 
control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, 
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorizations of management and directors 
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2021 based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.
	
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
	
Chartered Accountants
	
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
	
Sudhir Maheshwari
	
Partner
	
Membership No.081075
New Delhi, May 20, 2021 	
UDIN: 21081075AAAABP9700
