--- Page 13 ---

Annual Report 2024-25
11
	
To boost productivity and product quality, advanced 
equipment was introduced in production processes 
like labelling and stitching. Testing capabilities were 
further upgraded at the Innovation Centre with 
world-class instruments. 
	
	
Manufacturing and Quality 	
	
Your Company has taken significant strides towards 
environmental 
sustainability 
and 
operational 
efficiency during FY 2024-25. It transitioned 
canteen operations from LPG to eco-friendly 
PNG, contributing to lower emissions. For energy 
conservation, conventional motors were replaced 
with servo motors and VFDs, while DG sets were 
upgraded to hybrid mode, allowing dual-fuel use 
with natural gas and diesel. Diesel forklifts were 
replaced with battery-operated ones, enhancing both 
efficiency and environmental impact. 
	
In manufacturing, automation through textile cutting 
and pattern stitching machines boosted productivity. 
Additionally, the installation of a Zero Liquid Discharge 
(ZLD) system at one facility ensures no wastewater 
discharge, supporting water conservation efforts. To 
drive continuous cost optimization, your Company 
has focused on achieving an annual cost reduction 
across materials, processes, and overheads-aligning 
sustainability with profitability.
	
In its pursuit of continuous improvement in customer 
satisfaction, your Company has obtained various 
certifications, 
•	
ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System)
•	
ISO 14001:2015 (Environmental Management 
System)
•	
ISO 45001:2018 (Occupational Health and 
Safety Management System)
•	
ISO 27001:2022 (Information Security and 
Management Service)
	
These certifications are a testament to your 
Company’s 
unwavering 
commitment 
towards 
providing top-quality products and services to its 
customers.
	
	
Information Technology
	
In FY 2024-25, your Company strengthened its digital 
infrastructure by implementing Microsoft Dynamics 
365, enhancing customer experience and transaction 
ease. Your Company upgraded to ISO 27001:2022 
certification, which includes a comprehensive Data 
Privacy framework, ensuring continued commitment 
to security and privacy standards.
	
Additionally, a Disaster Recovery (“DR”) site was 
established to enhance data security and resilience. 
Your Company remains committed to quality, 
innovation, and operational excellence.
	
	
Human Resource
	
Throughout the year, your Company has prioritized 
enhancing its human resource capabilities through 
strategic initiatives. To strengthen the managerial 
talent pipeline, management and graduate trainees 
were sourced from top-tier business schools and 
IITs. These recruits underwent an intensive induction 
program, integral to succession planning and 
ensuring future talent readiness.
	
Your Company introduced mandatory app-based 
training modules, including behavioral and domain-
specific 
trainings, 
offering 
flexible 
learning 
opportunities 
accessible 
anytime, 
anywhere. 
Collaborations with esteemed bodies like AIMA and 
ISB further enhanced these programs. To foster better 
employee engagement, skip-level interactions across 
departments were implemented, facilitating open 
communication and strengthening relationships.
	
To improve operational efficiencies and enhance the 
employee experience, a new cloud-based Human 
Resource Management System was inducted and 
is being rolled out in phases. Your Company also 
focused on strengthening its functions by inducting 
senior-level talent, aiming to bolster leadership 
capabilities and drive organizational goals.
	
Your Company amplified its presence on social media 
platforms like LinkedIn to strengthen its employer 
brand and attract superior talent. This increased 
visibility has helped the Company to reach a broader 
audience and position your Company as an employer 
of choice. Looking ahead, your Company remains 
dedicated to investing in its human resources, with 
new initiatives planned to further enhance employee 
engagement, development, and retention. These 
efforts will ensure your Company continues to build a 
robust and agile workforce capable of driving growth 
and success in the years to come.
4.	
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
	
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations, 
a detailed Management Discussion and Analysis Report for 
the Financial Year under review is presented in a separate 
section, forming part of the Annual Report.
	
The state of the affairs of the business along with 
the financial and operational developments has been 
discussed in detail in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis Report.


--- Page 14 ---

12
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
5.	
Dividend
	
In line with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the 
Company, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 
May 9, 2025 has recommended a final dividend @300% 
equivalent to H3.00/- (Rupees Three only) per equity share 
of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each for the Financial Year 2024-25 
payable to those members whose names appear in the 
Register of members / list of beneficiaries as on August 21, 
2025 i.e. the Record Date. The total final dividend payout 
will amount to H74.68 Crores (Rupees Seventy-Four Crores 
and Sixty-Eight Lac only). The payment of final dividend 
is subject to the approval of members in the Company’s 
ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
	
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020 read with The Income 
Tax Act, 1961, the dividend paid or distributed by a 
Company shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders 
w.e.f. April 1, 2020. Accordingly, in compliance with the 
said provisions, your Company shall make the payment of 
dividend after deduction of tax at source at the prescribed 
rates. For the prescribed rates of various categories, the 
shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 
2020 and amendments thereto.
6.	
Dividend Distribution Policy
	
As per Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, top 
1000 listed companies based on market capitalization 
are required to formulate a Dividend Distribution Policy. 
Accordingly, your Company had formulated the Dividend 
Distribution Policy, which sets out the parameters and 
circumstances to be considered by the Board in determining 
the distribution of dividend to its shareholders and/ or 
retaining profits earned by the Company.
	
The Dividend Distribution Policy is available on the website 
of the Company at the link https://cdn.shopify.com/s/
files/1/0673/0003/2740/files/dividend-distribution-
policy-1708068799.pdf?v=1725434535
7.	
Transfer to Reserves
	
Your Company has transferred H75 Crores (Rupees 
Seventy-Five Crores Only) to the general reserve from the 
net profits of the Company. An amount of H114.53 Crores 
(Rupees One Hundred Fourteen Crores and Fifty- Three 
Lac only) is proposed to be retained in the Statement of 
Profit & Loss of the Company.
8.	
Public Deposits
	
Your Company has not invited or accepted any deposits 
within the meaning of Sections 73 and 74 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014, 
from public during the year under review. Therefore, no 
amount of principal or interest was outstanding, as on the 
balance sheet closure date.
	
Further, no amount was remaining unpaid/ unclaimed 
at the end of the year nor there has been any default in 
repayment of the deposits or payment of interest thereon.
	
Details of the deposits which are not in compliance with 
the requirements of Chapter V of the Act: Not Applicable
9.	
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
	
During the year under review, the Directors state that 
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), and notified by 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, i.e., Secretarial Standard-1 
(“SS-1”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”), relating to 
‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General Meetings’, 
respectively, have been duly complied with by the Company.
10.	 Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate Company
	
Your Company does not have any subsidiary, joint venture 
or associate company, as at the end of the Financial year 
under review. Further, during the year, no Company became 
or ceased to be Subsidiary, Joint Venture or Associate 
Company.
11.	 Changes in the nature of Business
	
There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the Financial year under review.
12.	 Share Capital
	
Authorised Share Capital:
	
The authorized share capital of your Company as on 
March 31, 2025 stood at H51,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty-
One Crores Only) divided into 51,00,00,000 (Fifty-One 
Crores) Equity Shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
	
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital:
	
As on March 31, 2025, the issued, subscribed and paid-
up share capital of the Company was  H24,89,38,586/- 
(Rupees Twenty-Four Crores Eighty-Nine Lacs Thirty-Eight 
Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty-Six Only) divided into 
24,89,38,586 (Twenty Four Crores Eighty Nine-Lacs Thirty-
Eight Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty Six) equity shares 
of face value of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
13.	 Disclosure relating to Remuneration of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
	
Your Company believes that building a diverse and 
inclusive culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board 
will be able to leverage different skills, qualifications, 
professional experiences, perspectives and backgrounds; 
which is necessary for achieving sustainable and balanced 
development. 
The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee had adopted principles for identification of 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs), Senior Management 
Personnel (SMPs), Executive Directors and Non-Executive 


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2024-25
13
Directors including Independent Directors. Pursuant 
to Section 134(3)(e) and Section 178(3) of the Act, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy adopted by the Board 
also sets out the criteria for determining Qualifications, 
Positive Attributes and Independence while evaluating 
a person for appointment / re-appointment as Director 
or KMP or SMP with no discrimination on the grounds of 
gender, race or ethnicity, nationality or country of origin 
and also to determine the framework for remuneration 
of Directors, KMP, SMP and other Employees. The said 
policy was amended during the year under review by 
the Board in order to align with the extant applicable 
regulations, including with alignment with the definition 
of Senior Management. The detailed Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy as amended is available on the 
website of your Company at the link https://cdn.shopify.
com/s/files/1/0673/0003/2740/files/Nomination_and_
Remuneration_Policy.pdf?v=1741684578
14.	 Particulars of Employees
	
The disclosure as required under Section 197(12) of the Act 
read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, in 
respect of Directors, KMPs and other employees of the 
Company, are given in Annexure-A which forms part of 
this report. In terms of Section 136(1) of the Act, the Report 
and Financial Statements are being sent to the Members 
and others entitled thereto, excluding the Statement of 
Particulars of Employees as required under Rule 5(2)&(3) 
of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 as amended. The copy 
of the said statement is available for inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Office of your Company during 
business hours on working days up to the date of the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
15.	 Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
	
The Composition of the Board of Directors is in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 149 of the Act and 
Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations; with an optimum 
combination of Executive Director, Non-Executive Non-
Independent Directors, Independent Directors and Women 
Directors.
	
Pursuant to the Section 152(6) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Ramesh Kumar 
Dua, Chairman & Managing Director (DIN: 00157872), and 
Mr. Mukand Lal Dua, Whole Time Director (DIN: 00157898), 
of your Company will retire by rotation at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offered 
themselves for re-appointment.
	
The members of the Company in their 40th AGM held 
on August 29, 2024 through Video Conferencing (“VC”) 
/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) have approved 
the re-appointment of Mr. Rajeev Rupendra Bhadauria 
(DIN: 00376562) as a Non-Executive Independent Director 
of the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive 
years with effect from August 23, 2024 up to August 22, 
2029 (both days inclusive) and that he shall not be liable 
to retire by rotation.
	
Further, the members of the Company through Postal 
Ballot on June 19, 2024 have approved the appointment of 
the following directors:
1.	
Mr. Yogesh Kapur (DIN: 00070038) as Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company; not liable 
to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 
5 (five) consecutive years from April 1, 2024 till 
March 31, 2029 (both days inclusive).
2.	
Mr. Raj Kumar Jain (DIN: 01741527) as Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company; not liable 
to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period of 
5 (five) consecutive years from April 1, 2024 till 
March 31, 2029 (both days inclusive).
3.	
Mr. Sushil Batra (DIN: 09351823) continuing Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company, as a Whole Time 
Director designated as Executive Director of the 
Company for a period of 3 (three) consecutive years 
from April 1, 2024 till March 31, 2027 (both days 
inclusive).
4.	
Ms. Richa Arora (DIN: 07144694) as Non-Executive 
Women Independent Director of your Company; not 
liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a period 
of 5 (five) consecutive years from May 9, 2024 till May 
8, 2029 (both days inclusive).
	
As on March 31, 2025, Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua 
(DIN: 00157872) – Chairman & Managing Director, 
Mr. Mukand Lal Dua (DIN: 00157898) - Whole-Time Director, 
Mr. Nikhil Dua (DIN: 00157919) - Whole-Time Director, 
Mr. Gaurav Kumaar Dua (DIN:09674786)- Whole-Time 
Director, Mr. Sushil Batra (DIN: 09351823) – Executive 
Director & CFO, and Mr.  Ankit Jain, Company Secretary 
& Compliance Officer, are the Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMP) of your Company.
	
Other than above appointments, below changes occurred 
in the Board of Directors of the Company during the year 
under review:
1. 	
Mr. Rajeev Rupendra Bhadauria re-appointed as Non-
Executive Independent Director of the Company; not 
liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a second 
term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 
August 23, 2024.
2. 	
Ms. Deepa Verma (DIN: 06944281) ceased from 
the position of Independent Director w.e.f. closure 
of business hours on September 17, 2024 upon 
completion of her 2nd term as an Independent Director 
of the Company.


--- Page 16 ---

14
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
	
Further, no directors / KMPs other than mentioned above 
were appointed or resigned during the FY25.
	
Therefore, your Board is maintained with optimum 
combination of Executive and Non-Executive/Independent 
Directors. As on March 31, 2025, your Company has 1 
(One) Chairman & Managing Director, 4 (Four) Whole 
Time Directors and 5 (Five) Non-Executive Independent 
Directors including 1 (One) Woman Independent Director. 
The composition of the Board represents an optimal mix 
of Professionalism, Knowledge, Experience and Expertise 
in varied fields enabling it to discharge its responsibilities 
and provide effective leadership for long term vision with 
highest standards of the governance.
	
Further, none of the Directors other than Mr. Ramesh 
Kumar Dua, Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Mukand 
Lal Dua, Mr. Nikhil Dua and Mr. Gaurav Kumaar Dua, Whole 
time Directors of your Company are related inter-se, in 
terms of Section 2(77) of the Act including Rules framed 
there under.
16.	 Declaration by Independent Directors
	
The Company has received necessary declarations 
from all its Independent Directors confirming that they 
meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) & 25(8) 
of the Listing Regulations. The Company has also received 
declarations from the Independent Directors with regard 
to the compliance of Rule 6 (1) & 6 (2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, 
regarding online registration with the Indian Institute of 
Corporate Affairs (“IICA”), for inclusion/ renewal of the 
name in the data-bank of the Independent Directors. The 
Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have 
complied with Company’s Code for Independent Directors 
prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act.
17.	 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with 
regard to Integrity, Expertise and Experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent 
Directors appointed during the year
	
With regard to Integrity, Expertise and Experience 
(including the Proficiency) of the Independent Directors 
appointed/re-appointed during the FY25, the Board 
of Directors has taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors 
and is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors 
are individuals of integrity and possess relevant expertise 
& experience and their continued association as Directors 
will be of immense benefit in the best interest of your 
Company. With regard to the proficiency of the Independent 
Directors, ascertained from the online proficiency self-
assessment test conducted by the IICA, as notified under 
Section 150 (1) of the Act, the Board of Directors has taken 
on record, the declarations submitted by Independent 
Directors that they are exempt from appearing in the test.
18.	 Annual Evaluation
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 178 of the Act read 
with Rules issued thereunder and Regulation 19 read 
with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors in consultation with Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has formulated a framework 
recommended by the renowned consultants containing, 
inter-alia, the criteria for the performance evaluation of 
the entire Board of the Company, its Committees and 
individual directors, for FY25.
	
During the reporting year, customized questionnaires were 
circulated to all the Board members in order to enhance 
the effectiveness of the evaluation process. The Board 
evaluation process was carried out to ensure that the Board 
and various Committees of the Board have appropriate 
composition and they have been functioning collectively 
to achieve the business goals of your Company. Directors 
were evaluated on their contribution in Board / Committee 
meetings, guidance & support to the management outside 
Board / Committee meetings and other parameters as 
specified by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of your Company.
	
The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various 
aspects including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key 
responsibilities, Board structure & composition, role & 
accountability, management oversight, risk management, 
culture & communication, frequency and effectiveness of 
meetings.
	
The Committees of the Board were assessed on the basis 
of degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy 
of Committee composition and effectiveness of the 
meetings.
	
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman 
of the Board and of the Non-Independent Directors 
was carried out by the Independent Directors, who also 
reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole.
	
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with 
the evaluation process.
19.	 Familiarization Programme
	
In terms of Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, 
your Company familiarizes its Directors about their role and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment through 
a formal letter of appointment. The format of the letter 
of appointment / re-appointment is available on your 
Company’s website at the link https://relaxofootwear.
com/pages/terms-conditions-of-independent-director


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2024-25
15
	
Sessions are conducted in the meetings of the Board and 
its various Committees on the relevant subjects such as 
strategy, Company’s performance, financial performance, 
internal financial controls, risk management, plant’s 
performance, retail, products, finance, human resource, 
capital expenditure, CSR, statutory and regulatory 
Compliances etc. All efforts are made to keep the 
Independent Directors aware of major developments being 
taken place in the industry, the Company’s business model 
and relevant changes in the law governing the Company’s 
business. The details of the programs/ sessions conducted 
for familiarization of Independent Directors can be 
accessed on your Company’s website at the link https://
relaxofootwear.com/pages/disclosures-under-regulation-
46-of-the-lodr
20.	 Number of Meetings of the Board
	
During FY25, the Board of Directors met 5 (five) times 
on May 9, 2024, July 31, 2024, November 8, 2024, 
January 31, 2025 and March 26, 2025; the details of which 
are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, 
which forms part of this Annual Report. The intervening 
period between any two consecutive Board Meetings was 
within the maximum time gap prescribed under the Act, 
Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations and SS-1 issued 
by the ICSI.
21.	 Committees of the Board
	
During FY25, the Board had 5 (five) Committees, namely:
-	 Audit Committee;
-	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
-	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee;
-	 Risk Management Committee; and
-	 CSR & ESG Committee.
	
All the recommendations made by the Committees of the 
Board including the Audit Committee were accepted by the 
Board. A detailed update on the Board, its composition, 
detailed charter including terms & reference of various 
Board Committees, number of Board & Committee 
meetings held during FY25 and attendance of the Directors 
at each meeting is provided in the report on Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of the Annual Report.
22.	 Director’s Responsibility Statement
	
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, 
the Directors to the best of their knowledge and belief, 
confirm that:
a)	
in the preparation of the annual accounts for the 
FY25, the applicable accounting standards have been 
followed, and no material departures have been 
made from the same; 
b)	
such accounting policies have been selected and 
applied consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period;
c)	
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the 
maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
d)	
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going 
concern basis;
e)	
Internal Financial Controls have been laid down to 
be followed by the Company and that such Internal 
Financial Controls are adequate and were operating 
effectively; and
f)	
Proper systems have been devised to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
23.	 Statutory Auditors
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read 
with provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014, M/s. Gupta & Dua, Chartered Accountants 
(ICAI Firm Registration No. - 003849N) were appointed 
as the Statutory Auditors of your Company for a period 
of 5 (five) years from the conclusion of 38th AGM till the 
conclusion of 43rd AGM of the Company.
24.	 Auditors’ Report
	
The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ 
Report to the accounts of the Company, which is self-
explanatory. The Auditor’s Report for FY25 does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. 
The observation of the Statutory Auditors on the financial 
statements have been suitably explained in the Notes to 
Accounts and does not require any further clarification.
25.	 Details in respect of frauds reported by the auditors 
under section 143(12) of the Act other than those 
which are reportable to the Central Government 
	
During the Financial Year under review, no fraud was 
reported by the Auditors of the Company under Section 
143(12) of the Act.
26.	 Maintenance of Cost Records and Cost Audit
	
Your Company does not fall under the category prescribed 
under Section 148(1) of the Act and Rules 3 and 4 of the 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, to whom 
the requirements of maintenance of Cost Records and the 
requirement of Cost Audit is applicable.


--- Page 18 ---

16
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
27.	 Internal Auditors
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the 
Company had appointed Mr. Rohit Khaneja as the In-house 
Internal Auditor. Additionally, SNB India Pvt. Ltd. was 
appointed as the Internal Auditor for the Financial Year 
2024–25 under a co-sourcing model.
	
As on the date of this Board Report, the Company has not 
yet appointed an Internal Auditor for the Financial Year 
2025–26; however, the appointment will be made in due 
course in accordance with applicable provisions.
28.	 Secretarial Auditors
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the Act 
read with Rule 9 of The Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 24A 
of the Listing Regulations, the appointment of M/s. 
Chandrasekaran Associates was approved by the Board 
of Directors and Audit Committee in their respective 
meetings held on May 09, 2025, subject to the approval 
of members in forthcoming AGM proposed to be held on 
August 28, 2025 to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the 
Company for a period of 5 (five) consecutive years (i.e. from 
FY 2025-26 to FY 2029-30) from the conclusion of 41st AGM 
till the conclusion of 46th AGM of your Company.
	
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 
is annexed as Annexure-B which forms part of this report. 
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year ended 
on March 31, 2025 does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remarks.
29.	 Annual Return
	
Pursuant to Section 92(3) and 134 of the Act read with 
the rule 12 (1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return of the 
Company as on March 31, 2025 will be available on the 
website and can be accessed at https://relaxofootwear.
com/pages/annual-return
30.	 Contracts and Arrangements with Related Parties
	
During FY25, the Company has entered into various 
transactions with related parties. All the Contracts / 
arrangements / transactions entered into by the Company 
with its related parties during the Financial Year under review 
were in the ordinary course of the business, on the arm’s 
length basis and were undertaken in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.
	
During the Financial Year under review, the Company had not 
entered into any contract / arrangement / transaction with 
related parties which could be considered material in accordance 
with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions that would have required Shareholders’ approval 
under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.
	
The updated policy on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions is available on the website of your 
Company 
at 
the 
link 
https://cdn.shopify.com/s/
files/1/0673/0003/2740/files/Policy_on_Materiality_of_
Related_Party_Transactions.pdf?v=1741684578
	
The Policy intends to ensure that proper reporting, 
approval and disclosure processes are in place for all the 
transactions between your Company and Related Parties.
	
The disclosure of Related Party Transactions as required 
under Section 134(3)(h) of the Act read with Rule 8(2) of 
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, in Form AOC-2 is 
not applicable. Further, disclosures as per IND -AS 24 have 
been made in Note 41 of the Financial Statements for the 
year ended on March 31, 2025.
31.	 Details of Loans, Guarantees & Investments
	
In terms of Section 186 of the Act read with Rules framed 
thereunder, details of the Loans given and Investments 
made by your Company have been disclosed under Note 
5 & 4, respectively, of the Financial Statements for the 
Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025, which forms part 
of this Annual Report. Your Company has not given any 
guarantee or provided any security during the year under 
review.
32.	 Risk Management
	
Your Company has a Risk Management Policy consistent 
with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. Risk 
management process has been established across your 
Company and is designed to identify, assess and frame 
a response to threats that may affect the achievement 
of its objectives. Further, it is embedded across all the 
major functions and revolves around the objectives of the 
organisation.
	
The Board of Directors has constituted its Risk 
Management Committee to assist the Board in fulfilling 
its responsibilities relating to evaluation and mitigating 
of various risks exposures that potentially impact your 
Company.
	
The Board advised by the Risk Management Committee, 
wherever appropriate, regularly reviews the significant 
risks and decisions that could have a material impact on 
the Company. There are no risks which, in the opinion of the 
Board, threaten the existence of your Company. However, 
some of the risks which may pose challenges are set out 
in the Management Discussion and Analysis which forms 
part of this Report.
	
As per Listing Regulations, the Risk Management 
Committee shall meet at least twice in a Financial Year. 
The details pertaining to the composition, meetings and 
terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee 
are included in the Report on Corporate Governance which 
forms part of the Annual Report.
