--- Page 14 ---

12
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
	
	
Human Resource
	
Throughout the year, several initiatives were 
implemented to enhance the human resource 
capabilities of the Company. The Sales Capability 
Programme, “Xcelerate” was launched to bolster 
the productivity and skill set of the sales force. This 
program was designed to cater the development 
needs of the participants and provide customized 
training including app-based modules, classroom 
sessions and personalized coaching. Additionally, 
the front-line sales force was trained to use sales 
automation and tracking systems effectively, thereby 
increasing their efficiency.
	
The Company has invested heavily in the development 
of its employees across all levels. To strengthen the 
managerial talent pipeline, the Company sourced 
management and graduate trainees from top-
tier business schools and IITs. They underwent an 
intensive and structured induction program, which 
will help in succession planning process at various 
levels. These initiatives are expected to ensure that 
the Company is well-prepared for future in terms of 
talent readiness.
	
To retain critical talent, the Company offered 
Employee Stock Options under the RFL ESOP Plan 
2014 to the eligible employees. This long-term 
incentive will motivate and encourage employees to 
remain with the Company and continue to contribute 
to its success.
4.	
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
	
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations, 
a detailed Management Discussion and Analysis Report for 
the Financial Year under review is presented in a separate 
section, forming part of the Annual Report.
	
The state of the affairs of the business along with 
the financial and operational developments has been 
discussed in detail in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis Report.
5.	
Dividend
	
In line with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the 
Company, the Board of your Company in its meeting held 
on May 9, 2024 has recommended a final dividend @300% 
equivalent to H3.00/- (Rupees Three only) per equity 
share of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each for the Financial Year 
2023-24 payable to those members whose names appear 
in the Register of members / list of beneficiaries as on 
August 22, 2024 i.e. the record date. The total final dividend 
payout will amount to H74.68 Crores (Rupees Seventy-Four 
Crores and Sixty-Eight Lakhs only). The payment of final 
dividend is subject to the approval of members in the 
Company’s ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
	
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020 read with The Income 
Tax Act, 1961, the dividend paid or distributed by a 
Company shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders 
w.e.f. April 1, 2020. Accordingly, in compliance with the 
said provisions, your Company shall make the payment of 
dividend after deduction of tax at source at the prescribed 
rates. For the prescribed rates of various categories, the 
shareholders are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 
2020 and amendments thereto.
6.	
Dividend Distribution Policy
	
As per Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, top 
1000 listed companies are required to formulate a Dividend 
Distribution Policy. Accordingly, your Company had 
accordingly formulated the Dividend Distribution Policy, 
which sets out the parameters and circumstances to be 
considered by the Board in determining the distribution 
of dividend to its shareholders and / or retaining profits 
earned by the Company.
	
The amended Dividend Distribution Policy is available 
on the website of the Company at the link https://
dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.net/media/file/pdf/download_
file/dividend-distribution-policy-1708068799.pdf
7.	
Transfer to Reserves
	
We have transferred H125 Crores (Rupees One Hundred and 
Twenty-Five Crores Only) to the general reserve from the 
net profits of the Company. An amount of H93.88 Crores 
(Rupees Ninety-Three Crores and Eighty-Eight Lacs only) is 
proposed to be retained in the Statement of Profit & Loss 
of the Company.
8.	
Public Deposits
	
Your Company has not invited or accepted any deposits 
within the meaning of Sections 73 and 74 of the Act read 
with The Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force), from public during 
the year under review. Therefore, no amount of principal 
or interest was outstanding, as on the balance sheet 
closure date.
	
Further, no amount was remaining unpaid / unclaimed 
at the end of the year nor there has been any default in 
repayment of the deposits or payment of interest thereon.
	
Details of the deposits which are not in compliance with 
the requirements of Chapter V of the Act : Not Applicable
9.	
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
	
During the year under review, the Directors state that 
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), i.e., Secretarial 
Standard-1 (“SS-1”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”), 


--- Page 15 ---

Annual Report 2023-24
13
relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and 
‘General Meetings’, respectively, have been duly complied 
with by the Company.
10.	 Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate Company
	
Your Company does not have any subsidiary, joint venture 
or associate Company, as at the end of the Financial Year 
under review. Further, during the year, no Company became 
or ceased to be Subsidiary, Joint Venture or Associate 
Company.
11.	 Changes in the nature of Business
	
There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the Financial Year under review.
12.	 Share Capital
	
Authorised Share Capital:
	
The authorized share capital of your Company as on 
March 31, 2024 stood at H51,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty-One 
Crores Only) divided into 51,00,00,000 (Fifty-One Crores) 
Equity Shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
	
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital:
	
As on March 31, 2024, the issued, subscribed and paid-
up share capital of the Company was H24,89,38,586/- 
(Rupees Twenty-Four Crores Eighty-Nine Lacs Thirty-Eight 
Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty Six Only) consisting 
of equity shares of face value of H1.00/- each divided into 
24,89,38,586 (Twenty Four Crores Eighty Nine Lacs Thirty 
Eight Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty Six) equity shares 
of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
13.	 Disclosure relating to Remuneration of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
	
Your Company believes that building a diverse and 
inclusive culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board 
will be able to leverage different skills, qualifications, 
professional experiences, perspectives and backgrounds; 
which is necessary for achieving sustainable and balanced 
development. 
The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee had adopted principles for identification of 
Key Managerial Personnel (KMPs), Senior Management 
Personnel (SMPs), Executive Directors and Non-Executive 
Directors including Independent Directors. Pursuant 
to Section 134(3)(e) and Section 178(3) of the Act, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy adopted by the Board 
also sets out the criteria for determining Qualifications, 
Positive Attributes and Independence while evaluating 
a person for appointment / re-appointment as Director 
or KMP or SMP with no discrimination on the grounds of 
gender, race or ethnicity, nationality or country of origin 
and also to determine the framework for remuneration 
of Directors, KMP, Senior Management Personnel and 
other Employees. The said policy was amended during the 
year under review by the Board in order to align with the 
extant applicable regulations. The detailed Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy is available on the website of 
the Company at the link https://dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.
net/media/file/pdf/download_file/nomination-and-
remuneration-policy-1708068892.pdf
14.	 Particulars of Employees
	
The information and disclosure required under Section 
197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any Statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), in respect of Directors and Employees of 
your Company is set out in Annexure-A to this report.
15.	 Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
	
The Composition of the Board of Directors is in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 149 of the Act and 
Regulation 17 of the Listing Regulations; with an optimum 
combination of Executive Director, Non-Executive Non-
Independent Directors, Independent Directors and Women 
Directors.
	
Pursuant to the Section 152(6) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Nikhil Dua, 
Whole Time Director (DIN: 00157919) and Mr. Gaurav 
Kumaar Dua, Whole Time Director (DIN: 09674786) of the 
Company will retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting and being eligible, offered themselves 
for re-appointment. The Board has recommended his re-
appointment to shareholders.
	
The members of the Company in their 39th AGM held on 
August 24, 2023 through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / 
Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) have approved the 
re-appointment of the following Directors: -
a)	
Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua (DIN - 00157872) as Managing 
Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (five) 
years with effect from April 1, 2024, liable to retire by 
rotation.
b)	
Mr. Mukand Lal Dua (DIN - 00157898) as a Whole 
Time Director of the Company for a further period of 
5 (five) years with effect from April 1, 2024, liable to 
retire by rotation.
c) 	
Mr. Nikhil Dua (DIN – 00157919), as a Whole Time 
Director of the Company for a further period of 
3 (three) years with effect from October 1, 2023 till 
September 30, 2026, liable to retire by rotation.
d) 	
Mr. Gaurav Kumaar Dua (DIN - 09674786) as a Whole 
Time Director of the Company for a further period of 
3 (three) years with effect from October 1, 2023 till 
September 30, 2026, liable to retire by rotation.


--- Page 16 ---

14
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
	
The Board of Directors in its Meeting held on March 29, 2024, 
on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee subject to the approval of members through 
Postal Ballot have approved the Appointment of the 
followings:
1.	
Appointment of Mr. Yogesh Kapur (DIN: 00070038) as 
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company; 
not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a 
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 
April 1, 2024 on such terms and conditions as set out 
in Explanatory Statement annexed to Postal Ballot 
notice dated May 9, 2024;
2.	
Appointment of Mr. Raj Kumar Jain (DIN: 01741527) as 
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company; 
not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for a 
period of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 
April 1, 2024 on such terms and conditions as set out 
in Explanatory Statement annexed to Postal Ballot 
notice dated May 9, 2024;
3.	
Appointment of Mr. Sushil Batra (DIN: 09351823) 
continuing Chief Financial Officer of the Company, 
as a Whole Time Director designated as Executive 
Director of the Company for a period of 3 (three) 
consecutive years with effect from April 1, 2024 on 
such terms and conditions as set out in Explanatory 
Statement annexed to the Postal Ballot notice dated 
May 9, 2024.
	
Further, the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 
May 9, 2024 on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company has approved 
the Appointment of Ms. Richa Arora (DIN: 07144694) 
as Non-Executive Women Independent Director of the 
Company; not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office 
for a first term with effect from May 9, 2024 for a period 
of 5 (five) consecutive years till May 8, 2029 (both days 
inclusive) on such terms and conditions as set out in 
Explanatory Statement annexed to the Postal Ballot notice 
dated May 9, 2024.
	
A brief resume of the Director(s) proposed to be appointed 
/ re-appointed, his/her expertise in specific functional 
areas, names of companies in which he/she holds 
directorship, Committee membership/s / Chairmanship/s 
and shareholding etc. as stipulated under the Secretarial 
Standard-2 issued by the ICSI and Regulation 36(3) of the 
Listing Regulations, are appended as an Annexure to the 
Notice of the Postal Ballot or the Notice of ensuing AGM.
	
As on March 31, 2024, Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua 
(DIN - 00157872) - Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua 
(DIN - 00157898) - Whole-Time Director, Mr. Nikhil Dua 
(DIN-00157919) - Whole-Time Director, Mr. Gaurav Kumaar 
Dua (DIN:09674786)- Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sushil 
Batra (DIN – 09351823) - CFO, and Mr. Ankit Jain, Company 
Secretary, are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of your 
Company.
	
During the year under review; below changes occurred in 
the Board of Directors of the Company:
1.	
Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua (DIN: 00157872), being 
Managing Director of the Company was designated 
as Chairman of the Company with effect from April 1, 
2024.
2.	
Mr. Deval Ganguly (DIN: 00152585) resigned from the 
position of Whole Time Director of the Company w.e.f. 
closure of the business hours on March 31, 2024.
3.	
Mr. Pankaj Shrimali (DIN: 00013142) and Mr. Vivek 
Kumar (DIN: 00206819) ceased from the position of 
Independent Director w.e.f. closure of business hours 
on March 31, 2024 due to completion of 2nd term as 
Independent Director of the Company.
	
Further, no directors / KMPs other than mentioned above 
were appointed or resigned during the year.
	
Therefore, your Board is maintained with optimum 
combination of Executive and Non-Executive/Independent 
Directors. As on March 31, 2024, the Company has 1 (One) 
Managing Director, 4 (Four) Whole Time Directors and 5 
(Five) Non-Executive Independent Directors including 1 
(One) Woman Independent Director. The composition of 
the Board represents an optimal mix of Professionalism, 
Knowledge, Experience and Expertise in varied fields 
enabling it to discharge its responsibilities and provide 
effective leadership for long term vision with highest 
standards of the governance.
	
Further, none of the Directors other than Mr. Ramesh Kumar 
Dua, Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua, Mr. Nikhil Dua 
and Mr. Gaurav Kumaar Dua, Whole time Directors of the 
Company are related inter-se, in terms of Section 2(77) of 
the Act including Rules framed there under.
16.	 Declaration by Independent Directors
	
The Company has received necessary declarations from 
all the Independent Directors of the Company confirming 
that they meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed 
under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)
(b) of the Listing Regulations. The Company has also 
received from them (Independent Directors), declaration 
of the compliance of Rule 6 (1) & 6 (2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, 
regarding online registration with the Indian Institute 
of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”) at Manesar, for inclusion/ 
renewal of the name in the data-bank of the Independent 


--- Page 17 ---

Annual Report 2023-24
15
Directors. The Independent Directors have also confirmed 
that they have complied with the Company’s Code for 
Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act.
17.	 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with 
regard to Integrity, Expertise and Experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent 
Directors appointed during the year
	
With regard to Integrity, Expertise and Experience 
(including the Proficiency) of the Independent Directors 
appointed/re-appointed during the FY24, the Board 
of Directors has taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors 
and is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors are 
individuals of integrity and possess relevant expertise & 
experience and their continued association as Directors will 
be of immense benefit in the best interest of the Company. 
With regard to the proficiency of the Independent Directors, 
ascertained from the online proficiency self-assessment 
test conducted by the Institute (IICA), as notified under 
Sub-Section (1) of Section 150 of the Act, the Board of 
Directors has taken on record, the declarations submitted 
by Independent Directors that they are exempt from 
appearing in the test.
18.	 Annual Evaluation
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 178 of the Act read 
with Rules issued thereunder and Regulation 19 read 
with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors in consultation with Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has formulated a framework 
recommended by the renowned consultants containing, 
inter-alia, the criteria for the performance evaluation of 
the Entire Board of the Company, its Committees and 
individual directors, for FY24.
	
During the reporting year, customized questionnaires were 
circulated to all the Board members in order to enhance 
the effectiveness of the evaluation process. The Board 
evaluation process was carried out to ensure that the Board 
and various Committees of the Board have appropriate 
composition and they have been functioning collectively 
to achieve the business goals of the Company. Directors 
were evaluated on their contribution in Board / Committee 
meetings, guidance & support to the management outside 
Board / Committee meetings and other parameters as 
specified by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
of the Company.
	
The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various 
aspects including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key 
responsibilities, Board structure & composition, role & 
accountability, management oversight, risk management, 
culture & communication, frequency and effectiveness 
of meetings.
	
The Committees of the Board were assessed on the basis 
of degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy of 
Committee composition and effectiveness of the meetings.
	
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman 
of the Board and of the Non-Independent Directors 
was carried out by the Independent Directors, who also 
reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole.
	
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with 
the evaluation process.
19.	 Familiarization Programme
	
In terms of Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company familiarizes its Directors about their role and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment through 
a formal letter of appointment. The format of the letter of 
appointment / re-appointment is available on our website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.relaxofootwear.com/terms-
conditions-of-independent-director
	
Sessions are conducted in the meetings of the Board and 
its various Committees on the relevant subjects such as 
strategy, Company’s performance, financial performance, 
internal financial controls, risk management, plant’s 
performance, retail, products, finance, human resource, 
capital expenditure, CSR, statutory and regulatory 
Compliances etc. All efforts are made to keep the 
Independent Directors aware of major developments 
being taken place in the industry, the Company’s business 
model and relevant changes in the law governing the 
Company’s business. The details of the programs/sessions 
conducted for familiarization of Independent Directors can 
be accessed on the Company’s website at the link https://
dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.net/media/file/pdf/download_
file/familiarisation-report-2023-2024-1722251751.pdf
20.	 Number of Meetings of the Board
	
During FY24, the Board of Directors met 5 (five) times on 
May 10, 2023, July 24, 2023, November 1, 2023, January 31, 
2024 and March 29, 2024; the details of which are provided 
in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part 
of this Annual Report. The intervening period between any 
two consecutive Board meetings was within the maximum 
time gap prescribed under the Act, Regulation 17 of the 
Listing Regulations and SS-1 issued by the ICSI.
21.	 Committees of the Board
	
During FY24, the Board had 5 (five) Committees, namely:
-	 Audit Committee;
-	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
-	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee;


--- Page 18 ---

16
RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
-	 Risk Management Committee; and
-	 CSR & ESG Committee.
	
All the recommendations made by the Committees of the 
Board including the Audit Committee were accepted by the 
Board. A detailed update on the Board, its composition, 
detailed charter including terms & reference of various 
Board Committees, number of Board & Committee 
meetings held during FY24 and attendance of the Directors 
at each meeting is provided in the report on Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of the Annual Report.
22.	 Director’s Responsibility Statement
	
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, 
the Directors to the best of their knowledge and belief, 
confirm that:
a)	
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards had been followed, 
along with the proper explanation relating to material 
departures;
b)	
such accounting policies have been selected and 
applied consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period;
c)	
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the 
maintenance of adequate accounting records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
d)	
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going 
concern basis;
e)	
Internal Financial Controls have been laid down to 
be followed by the Company and that such Internal 
Financial Controls are adequate and were operating 
effectively; and
f)	
Proper systems have been devised to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
23.	 Statutory Auditors
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read 
with provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended), M/s Gupta & Dua, Chartered 
Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. –003849N) were 
appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a 
period of 5 (five) years from the conclusion of 38th AGM till 
the conclusion of 43rd AGM of the Company.
24.	 Auditors’ Report
	
The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ 
Report to the accounts of the Company, which is self-
explanatory. The Auditor’s Report for FY24 does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. 
The observation of the Statutory Auditors on the financial 
statements have been suitably explained in the Notes to 
Accounts and does not require any further clarification.
25.	 Details in respect of Frauds reported by the auditors 
under section 143(12) other than those which are 
reportable to the Central Government
	
During the Financial Year under review, no fraud is reported by 
the Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of the Act.
26.	 Maintenance of Cost Records and Cost Audit
	
The Company does not fall under the category prescribed 
under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act and Rules 
3 and 4 of the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 
2014 (as amended from time to time) to whom the 
requirements of maintenance of Cost Records and the 
requirement of Cost Audit is applicable.
27.	 Internal Auditors
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the 
Company has appointed Mr. Rohit Khaneja as In-house 
Internal Auditors of the Company; also SNB India Pvt. 
Ltd. has been appointed as the Internal Auditors of the 
Company for Financial Year 2024-25 in co-sourcing model.
28.	 Secretarial Auditors
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the Act 
read with Rule 9 of The Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 24A 
of the Listing Regulations, the Board had appointed M/s 
Chandrasekaran Associates to conduct the Secretarial 
Audit of the Company for the Financial Year 2023-24 as 
recommended by the Audit committee.
	
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 2023-24 
is annexed as Annexure-B which forms part of this report. 
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year ended 
on March 31, 2024 does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remarks except few e-forms which 
have been delayed filed by the Company with the Registrar 
of Companies. The Board of Directors of the Company 
evaluated the facts and advised to file the statutory forms 
in due time.
29.	 Annual Return
	
Pursuant to Section 134 and Section 92(3) of the Act 
read with Rule 12 (1) of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return as on 
March 31, 2024 will be available on the website of the Company 


--- Page 19 ---

Annual Report 2023-24
17
at the link https://dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.net/media/file/
pdf/download_file/mgt--7-%E2%80%93-31-1720678228.pdf
30.	 Contracts and Arrangements with Related Parties
	
During FY24, the Company has entered into various 
transactions with related parties. All the Contracts / 
arrangements / transactions entered into by the Company 
with its related parties during the Financial Year under review 
were in the ordinary course of the business, on the arm’s 
length basis and were undertaken in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations.
	
During the Financial Year under review, the Company had not 
entered into any contract / arrangement / transaction with 
related parties which could be considered material in accordance 
with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions that would have required Shareholders’ approval 
under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.
	
The updated Policy on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions is available on the website of the Company at 
the link https://dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.net/media/file/
pdf/download_file/policy-on-materiality-of-related-party-
transactions-1646633287.pdf
	
The Policy intends to ensure that proper reporting, 
approval and disclosure processes are in place for all the 
transactions between the Company and Related Parties.
	
The particulars of the material related party transactions 
are provided in Form AOC-2 as Annexure-C, which forms 
part of this Report. Further, disclosures as per Ind-AS 24 
have been made in Note 39 of the financial statements for 
the year ended on March 31, 2024.
31.	 Details of Loans, Guarantees & Investments
	
In terms of Section 186 of the Act and Rules framed 
thereunder, details of the Loans given and Investments 
made by your Company have been disclosed under Note 4 
of the Financial Statements for the financial year ended on 
March 31, 2024, which forms part of this Annual Report. 
Your Company has not given any guarantee or provided any 
security during the year under review.
32.	 Risk Management
	
Your Company has a Risk Management Policy consistent 
with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. 
Risk management process has been established across 
the Company and is designed to identify, assess and frame 
a response to threats that may affect the achievement 
of its objectives. Further, it is embedded across all the 
major functions and revolves around the objectives of the 
organisation.
	
The Board of Directors has constituted its Risk Management 
Committee to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities 
relating to evaluation and mitigating of various risks 
exposures that potentially impact the Company.
	
The Board advised by the Risk Management Committee, 
wherever appropriate, regularly reviews the significant 
risks and decisions that could have a material impact on 
the Company. There are no risks which, in the opinion of the 
Board, threaten the existence of the Company. However, 
some of the risks which may pose challenges are set out 
in the Management Discussion and Analysis which forms 
part of this Report.
	
As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Risk Management 
Committee shall meet at least twice in a year. The details 
pertaining to the composition, meetings and terms of 
reference of the Risk Management Committee are included 
in the Report on Corporate Governance which forms part of 
the Annual Report.
33.	 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and its 
Committee
	
Your Company has firm belief and commitment towards 
the collective development of all the stakeholders, 
especially, people at bottom of the pyramid and consider 
it as a pre-requisite for the sustainability of the business. 
Thus, CSR is not just compliance for the Company, but is an 
opportunity to contribute towards nation building through 
well-defined professional approach.
	
In compliance with the provisions prescribed under Section 
135 of the Act, your Company had constituted a CSR & 
ESG Committee of the Board. The Board of Directors 
laid down the CSR Policy, covering the objectives, focus 
areas, governance structure and monitoring & reporting 
framework among others. The said policy was amended 
during the year under review by the Board in order to align 
with the extant applicable regulations.
	
The amended Corporate Social Responsibility Policy is 
available on the website of the Company at the link https://
dxkvlfvncvqr8.cloudfront.net/media/file/pdf/download_
file/corporate-social-responsibility-policy-1716526796.pdf
	
During the year, the Company has continued its work on 
the long term CSR projects undertaken in FY24; the details 
of CSR activities are given in Annexure-D to this report.
	
The details of the composition of the CSR & ESG Committee, 
CSR policy, CSR initiatives and activities undertaken during 
the year are given in the Annual Report on CSR activities 
as required under the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and explained in detail in 
Annexure-D to this report.
	
The details pertaining to the composition, meetings 
and terms of reference of the CSR & ESG Committee are 
