--- Page 14 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
12
a detailed Management Discussion and Analysis Report for 
the Financial Year under review is presented in a separate 
section, forming part of this Annual Report.
	
The state of the affairs of the business along with the 
financial and operational developments has been discussed 
in detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
Report.
5.	
Dividend
	
In line with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company, 
the Board of your Company in its meeting held on May 11, 
2022 has recommended a final dividend @ 250% equivalent 
to H2.50 (Rupees Two and Fifty Paisa Only) per equity share 
of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each for the Financial Year 2021-
22 payable to those members whose name appear in the 
Register of members / list of beneficiaries as on August 18, 
2022 i.e. the cut-off date. The total final dividend payout 
will amount to H62.23 Crore (Rupees Sixty Two Crore Twenty 
Three Lacs Only). The payment of final dividend is subject 
to the approval of members in the Company’s ensuing 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
	
The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books will 
remain closed from August 19, 2022 (Friday) to August 24, 
2022 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
payment of final dividend for the Financial Year 2021-22, if 
declared at the ensuing AGM.
	
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020 read with the Income-
tax Act, 1961, the dividend paid or distributed by a company 
shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders w.e.f. April 
1, 2020. Accordingly, in compliance with the said provisions, 
your Company shall make the payment of dividend after 
deduction of tax at source at the prescribed rates. For the 
prescribed rates for various categories, the shareholders 
are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and 
amendments thereto.
6.	
Dividend Distribution Policy
	
As per Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, top 
1000 listed companies are required to formulate a 
Dividend Distribution Policy. Accordingly, your Company 
has adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy which sets 
out the parameters and circumstances to be considered 
by the Board in determining the distribution of dividend 
to its shareholders and / or retaining profits earned by 
the Company. The said Policy is available on the website 
of the Company at the link https://www.relaxofootwear.
com/media/file/pdf/download_file/dividend-distribution-
policy-1607581017.pdf.
7.	
Transfer to Reserves
	
We have transferred H150.00 Crore (Rupees One Hundred 
and Fifty Crore Only) to the general reserve from net 
profits. An amount of H66.43 Crore (Rupees Sixty Six Crore 
and Forty Three Lacs Only) is proposed to be retained in the 
Statement of Profit & Loss of the Company. 
8.	
Public Deposits
	
Your Company has not invited or accepted any deposits within 
the meaning of Sections 73 and 74 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force), from public during the year under 
review. Therefore, no amount of principal or interest was 
outstanding, as on the balance sheet closure date.
9.	
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
	
During the year under review, the Directors state that 
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), i.e. Secretarial 
Standard-1 (“SS-1”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”), 
relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General 
Meetings’, respectively, have been duly complied by the 
Company.
10.	 Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate Company
	
Your Company does not have any subsidiary, joint venture or 
associate company, during the Financial Year under review.
11.	 Changes in Nature of Business
	
There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the Financial Year under review.
12.	 Share Capital
	
Authorised Share Capital:
	
The Authorized share capital of your Company as on March 
31, 2022 stood at H51,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty One Crores 
Only) divided into 51,00,00,000 (Fifty One Crores) Equity 
Shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
	
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital:
	
During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Board of Directors at 
its meeting held on  November 01, 2021, issued and allotted 
4,83,945  (Four Lac Eighty three  Thousand Nine Hundred 
and Forty Five) equity shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each 
fully paid up on exercise of stock options by the eligible 
employees under the Employee Stock Option Plan, 2014 
(RFL ESOP PLAN-2014). 
	
As on March 31, 2022, the issued, subscribed and paid-up 
share capital of the Company was H24,89,26,046/- (Rupees 
Twenty Four Crores Eighty Nine Lacs  Twenty six Thousand 
and Forty six Only) divided into 24,89,26,046 (Twenty Four 
Crores Eighty Nine Lacs Twenty six Thousand and Forty six) 
equity shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.


--- Page 15 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
13
13.	 Disclosure Relating to Remuneration of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
	
Your Company believes that building a diverse and 
inclusive culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board 
will be able to leverage different skills, qualifications, 
professional experiences, perspectives and backgrounds, 
which is necessary for achieving sustainable and balanced 
development. 
The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee had adopted principles for identification of 
Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management including 
the Executive Directors. Pursuant to Section 134(3)(e) and 
Section 178(3) of the Act, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Policy adopted by the Board also sets out the criteria 
for determining qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence while evaluating a person for appointment / 
re-appointment as Director or as KMP with no discrimination 
on the grounds of gender, race or ethnicity, nationality or 
country of origin, and to also determine the framework 
for remuneration of Directors, KMP, Senior Management 
Personnel and other employees. No change has been 
made in the Nomination and Remuneration Policy during 
the Financial Year under review. The detailed Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy is available on the website of 
the Company at the link https://www.relaxofootwear.
com/media/file/pdf/download_file/nomination--and--
remuneration--policy-1607581216.pdf.
14.	 Particulars of Employees
	
The information and disclosure required under Section 
197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) 
of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), in respect of Directors and Employees of 
your Company is set out in Annexure - A to this report. 
15.	 Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
	
Pursuant to the Section 152(6) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Nikhil Dua, 
Whole Time Director (DIN: 00157919) of the Company will 
retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting 
and being eligible, offered himself for re-appointment. 
The Board has recommended his re-appointment to 
shareholders.
      	 A brief resume of the Director proposed to be re-appointed, 
his expertise in specific functional areas, names of 
companies in which he holds directorships, Committee 
membership/s / Chairmanship/s, shareholding etc. as 
stipulated under Secretarial Standard-2 issued by ICSI and 
Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations, is appended as 
an Annexure to the Notice of the ensuing AGM.       
	
The members in the 37th AGM held on August 26, 2021 
through Video Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio Visual 
Means ("OAVM") have approved the re-appointment of Mr. 
Deval Ganguly (DIN: 00152585) as a Whole-Time Director of 
the Company for a period of three (3) years w.e.f.  November 
5, 2021.
	
As on March 31, 2022, Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua 
(DIN-00157872), Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua 
(DIN-00157898), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Nikhil Dua 
(DIN-00157919), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Deval Ganguly 
(DIN-00152585) Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sushil Batra, Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) and Mr. Vikas Kumar Tak, Company 
Secretary, are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of your 
Company.
	
Additionally, Mr. Pankaj Shrimali (DIN: 00013142), being 
Non-executive Independent Director of the Company was 
designated as Chairperson of the Company with effect 
from April 1, 2022, in compliance with Part 'E' of Schedule II 
of the Listing Regulations.
16.	 Declaration by Independent Directors
	
The Company has received necessary declarations from all 
the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that 
they meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 25 (8) read with 
Regulation 16 of Listing Regulations (as per the amendment 
in SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
(Third Amendment) Regulations, 2021). The Company has 
also received from them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 
(1) & (2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, regarding online registration 
with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”) at 
Manesar, for inclusion/ renewal of name in the databank 
of Independent Directors. The Independent Directors have 
also confirmed that they have complied with the Company’s 
Code of Conduct for Independent Directors prescribed in 
Schedule IV of the Act. Accordingly, all the Independent 
Directors of the Company during FY 2021-22 had registered 
their names on data bank of IICA.
17.	 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with 
regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent 
Directors appointed during the year
	
With regard to integrity, expertise and experience (including 
the proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed/
re-appointed during the Financial Year 2021- 22, the Board 
of Directors has taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors 
and is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors are 
persons of integrity and possess relevant expertise and 
experience and their continued association as Directors 
will be of immense benefit and in the best interest of the 


--- Page 16 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
14
Company. With regard to proficiency of the Independent 
Directors, ascertained from the online proficiency self-
assessment test conducted by the Institute, as notified 
under Sub-Section (1) of Section 150 of the Act, the Board of 
Directors has taken on record the declarations submitted by 
Independent Directors that they are exempt from appearing 
in the test.
	
None of the Directors other than Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua, 
Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua and Mr. Nikhil Dua 
Whole time Directors of the Company are related inter-se, 
in terms of Section 2(77) of the Act including Rules framed 
there under.
18.	 Annual Evaluation 
	
In terms of the provisions of section 178 of the Act read 
with Rules issued thereunder and Regulation 19 read 
with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors in consultation with Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has formulated a framework 
recommended by the renowned consultants containing, 
inter-alia, the criteria for performance evaluation of the 
entire Board of the Company, its Committees and individual 
directors, for the Financial Year 2021-22.
	
During the reporting year, customized questionnaires were 
circulated to all the Board members in order to enhance 
the effectiveness of the Evaluation Process. The Board 
Evaluation process was carried out to ensure that the Board 
and various Committees of the Board have appropriate 
composition and they have been functioning collectively 
to achieve the business goals of the Company. Directors 
were evaluated on their contribution at Board / Committee 
meetings and guidance & support to the management 
outside Board / Committee meetings and other parameters 
as specified by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Company.
	
The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various 
aspects, including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key 
responsibilities, Board structure and composition, role and 
accountability, management oversight, risk management, 
culture and communication, frequency and effectiveness of 
meetings.
	
The Committees of the Board were assessed on the basis 
of degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy of 
Committee composition and effectiveness of meetings. The 
Company did not have a regular Chairman during the year, 
however, the Chairman appointed for the Board meetings 
was also evaluated by all the Directors on the basis of 
managing relations, leadership, competence and diligence.
	
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman 
appointed for the Board meeting and the Non-Independent 
Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors who 
also reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole. 
	
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with the 
evaluation process.
19.	 Familiarization Programme
	
In terms of Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company familiarizes its Directors about their role and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment through 
a formal letter of appointment. The format of the letter of 
appointment / re-appointment is available on our website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.relaxofootwear.com/terms-
conditions-of-independent-director.
	
Sessions are conducted at the meetings of the Board and 
its various Committees on the relevant subjects such as 
strategy, Company performance, financial performance, 
internal financial controls, risk management, plants, retail, 
products, finance, human resource, capital expenditure, 
CSR, Compliances etc. All efforts are made to keep 
Independent Directors aware of major developments 
taking place in the industry, the Company’s business model 
and relevant changes in the law governing the Company’s 
business. The details of the programs/sessions conducted 
for familiarization of Independent Directors can be 
accessed on the Company website at the link https://www.
relaxofootwear.com/other-disclosures. 
20.	 Number of Meetings of the Board 
	
During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Board of Directors met 
four (4) times on  May 20, 2021,  July 31, 2021,  November 1, 
2021 and, January  29, 2022, the details of which are provided 
in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of 
the Annual Report. The intervening period between any two 
consecutive Board meetings was within the maximum time 
gap prescribed under the Act, Regulation 17 of the Listing 
Regulations and SS-1 issued by ICSI.
21.	 Committees of the Board
	
During the Financial Year  2021-2022, the Board had five (5) 
Committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee, 
the 
Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee, the Risk Management Committee 
and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
	
All the recommendations made by the Committees of the 
Board including the Audit Committee were accepted by the 
Board. A detailed update on the Board, its composition, 
detailed charter including terms and reference of various 
Board Committees, number of Board and Committee 
meetings held during the Financial Year 2021-22 and 
attendance of the Directors at each meeting is provided in 


--- Page 17 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
15
the report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of 
the Annual Report.
22.	 Director’s Responsibility Statement 
	
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, the 
Directors to the best of their knowledge and belief, confirm 
that:
a)	
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards had been followed, 
along with the proper explanation relating to material 
departures;
b)	
such accounting policies have been selected and 
applied consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period;
c)	
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the 
maintenance 
of 
adequate 
accounting 
records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
d)	
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going 
concern basis;
e)	
Internal Financial Controls have been laid down to 
be followed by the Company and that such Internal 
Financial Controls are adequate and were operating 
effectively; and
f)	
Proper systems have been devised to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
23.	 Statutory Auditors 
	
Under Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013, and the 
rules made thereunder, it is mandatory to rotate the 
Statutory Auditors on completion of the maximum term 
permitted under the said section. M/s B R Maheswari & 
Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 
–001035N/N500050), shall be completing their tenure as 
the Company’s Statutory Auditors and shall hold office till 
the conclusion of ensuing 38th AGM of the Company.
	
On the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board, 
in its meeting held on May 11, 2022, subject to the approval 
of the shareholders, has recommended the appointment 
of M/s Gupta & Dua, Chartered Accountants, (ICAI firm 
registration number 003849N) as the Statutory Auditors 
of the Company. M/s Gupta & Dua, Chartered Accountants 
will hold office for a term of five consecutive years i.e. from 
the conclusion of ensuing 38th AGM till the conclusion of 
43rd AGM. Accordingly, the appointment of M/s Gupta & 
Dua, Chartered Accountants as the Company’s Statutory 
Auditors, is placed for approval of the members.
	
The Company has received a certificate from M/s Gupta 
& Dua, Chartered Accountants to the effect that their 
appointment, if made, shall be in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 141 of the Companies Act, 2013. The 
first year of audit will be of the financial statements for the 
year ending March 31, 2023, which will include the audit of 
the quarterly financial statements for the year.
24.	 Auditors' Report 
	
The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ Report 
to the accounts, which is self-explanatory. The Auditor’s 
Report for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. 
The observation of the Statutory Auditors on the financial 
statements have been suitably explained in the Notes to 
Accounts and do not require any further clarification. 
25.	 Details in respect of frauds reported by auditors 
under section 143(12) other than those which are 
reportable to the Central Government 
	
During the Financial Year under review, no fraud is reported 
by the Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of 
the Act.
26.	 Maintenance of Cost Records and Cost Audit
	
The Company does not fall under the category prescribed 
under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act and Rules 
3 and 4 of the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended from time to time) to whom the 
requirements of maintenance of Cost Records and the 
requirement of Cost Audit is applicable.
27.	 Internal Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the 
Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India 
LLP, as the Internal Auditor of the Company for Financial 
Year 2022-23 in co-sourcing model along with in-house 
Internal Auditor. 
28.	 Secretarial Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the Act read 
with Rule 9 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force) and Regulation 24A of the Listing 
Regulations, the Board had appointed M/s Chandrasekaran 
Associates to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company 
for the Financial Year 2021-22 as recommended by Audit 
committee. M/s Chandrasekaran Associates have also 
confirmed that they are eligible for the said appointment. 
The Secretarial Auditors have submitted their report, 


--- Page 18 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
16
confirming compliance by the Company of all the provisions 
of applicable corporate laws. The Secretarial Audit Report 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2022 does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. 
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 2021-22 
is annexed as Annexure-B which forms part of this report.
29.	 Annual Return
	
Pursuant to Section 134 and Section 92(3) of the Act 
read with Rule 12 (1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return as on March 
31, 2022 will be available on the website of the Company at 
the link https://www.relaxofootwear.com/annual-return.
30.	 Contracts and Arrangements with Related Parties
	
During the Financial Year 2021-22, the Company has 
entered into various transactions with related parties. All 
the Contracts / arrangements / transactions entered into 
by the Company with its related parties during the Financial 
Year under review were in the ordinary course of the 
business, on the arm’s length basis and were undertaken 
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and 
the Listing Regulations. 
	
During the Financial Year under review, the Company had not 
entered into any contract / arrangement / transaction with 
related parties which could be considered material in accordance 
with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions that would have required Shareholders’ approval 
under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.
	
The updated Policy on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions is available on the website of the Company 
at the link - https://www.relaxofootwear.com/media/file/
pdf/download_file/policy-on-materiality-of-related-party-
transactions-1646633287.pdf. The Policy intends to ensure 
that proper reporting, approval and disclosure processes 
are in place for all transactions between the Company and 
Related Parties.
	
The particulars of the material related party transactions 
are provided in Form AOC-2 as Annexure-C which forms 
part of this Report. Further, disclosures as per Ind-AS 24 
have been made in note 39 of the financial statements for 
the year ended March 31, 2022. 
31.	 Details of Loans, Guarantees & Investments
	
The details of loans, guarantees and investments under 
Section 186 of the Act read with Companies (Meeting of 
Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force) are as follows:-
a)	
Details of investments made by the Company as 
on March 31, 2022 (including investments made in 
previous years)
	
(i)    Investment in equity shares 	
: 	 C0.20 Crore
	
(ii)   Investment in debt instruments 	 :	 C24.78 Crore
b)	
Details of loans given by the Company	  : Nil
c)  	
There are no guarantees issued by your Company in 
accordance with Section 186 of the Act read with the 
Rules issued thereunder.
	
The details of Investments made under Section 186 of 
the Act are also provided in the note 4 forming part of the 
financial statements of Financial Year 2021-22.
32.	 Risk Management 
	
Risk management is integral to your Company’s strategy 
and to the achievement of long-term goals. Our success 
as an organization depends on our ability to identify 
and exploit the opportunities generated by our business 
and the markets we operate in. In doing this we take an 
embedded approach to risk management which puts risk 
and opportunity assessment at the core of the Board’s 
agenda. 
	
Your Company has a Risk Management Committee which 
has been entrusted with the responsibility to assist the 
Board in (a) Overseeing and approving the Company’s 
enterprise wide risk management framework; and (b) 
Overseeing that all the risks that the organization faces 
such as strategic, financial, credit, market, liquidity, 
security, property, IT, legal, regulatory, reputational and 
other risks have been identified and assessed and there 
is an adequate risk management infrastructure in place 
capable of addressing those risks.
	
The Board advised by the Risk Management Committee, 
where ever appropriate, regularly reviews the significant 
risks and decisions that could have a material impact on 
the company. These reviews consider the level of risk that 
the company is prepared to take in pursuit of the business 
strategy and the effectiveness of the management controls 
in place to mitigate the risk exposure.
	
As per SEBI (LODR) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 
2021, the Risk Management Committee shall meet at least 
twice in a year. The details pertaining to the composition, 
meetings and terms of reference of the Risk Management 
Committee are included in the Report on Corporate 
Governance which forms part of the Annual Report.
33.	 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and its 
Committee
	
Your Company has firm belief and commitment towards the 
collective development of all the stakeholders especially 
people at bottom of the pyramid and consider it as a pre-
requisite for the sustainability of the business. Thus, CSR is 
not just compliance for the Company but is an opportunity 
