--- Page 14 ---

12
IT environment. Your Company has also Implemented 
managed SOC (Security Operation Centre) solution to 
ensure 24x7 monitoring for protection against cyber 
threats.
	
Human Resource
	
During the year, a slew of programs were deployed 
to augment the capability of your Company’s human 
resources.
	
In order to enhance productivity and competency 
of its sales force, your Company undertook Sales 
Capability Programmes for its leadership as well as for 
the frontline, upskilling them for the future.
	
As a strategic measure, a cohort of critical middle 
management talent has been identified for leadership 
roles in near future even as your Company is continually 
sourcing fresh talent from premier business schools in 
order to strengthen the succession pipeline.
	
Continuing with the past practice of using long term 
incentives to retain critical talent, during the year, 
your Company launched the 4th (fourth) phase of RFL 
ESOP Plan 2014 covering 100 eligible employees and 
cancelled the ESOP granted under Phase III of RFL 
ESOP Plan 2014 as Employees surrendered the ESOP 
voluntarily.
4.	
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
	
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations, 
a detailed Management Discussion and Analysis Report for 
the Financial Year under review is presented in a separate 
section, forming part of the Annual Report.
	
The state of the affairs of the business along with the 
financial and operational developments has been discussed 
in detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
Report.
5.	
Dividend
	
In line with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company, 
the Board of your Company in its meeting held on May 10, 
2023 has recommended a final dividend @ 250 % equivalent 
to H2.50/- (Rupees Two and Fifty Paisa only) per equity 
share of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each for the Financial Year 
2022-23 payable to those members whose name appear in 
the Register of members/list of beneficiaries as on August 
17, 2023 i.e. the cut-off date. The total final dividend payout 
will amount to H62.23 Crore (Rupees Sixty Two Crore Twenty 
Three Lacs only). The payment of final dividend is subject to 
the approval of members in the Company’s ensuing Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”).
	
The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books will 
remain closed from August 18, 2023 (Friday) to August 23, 
2023 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
payment of final dividend for the Financial Year 2022-23, if 
declared at the ensuing AGM.
	
Pursuant to the Finance Act, 2020 read with the Income-
tax Act, 1961, the dividend paid or distributed by a company 
shall be taxable in the hands of the shareholders w.e.f. April 
1, 2020. Accordingly, in compliance with the said provisions, 
your Company shall make the payment of dividend after 
deduction of tax at source at the prescribed rates. For the 
prescribed rates for various categories, the shareholders 
are requested to refer to the Finance Act, 2020 and 
amendments thereto.
6.	
Dividend Distribution Policy
	
As per Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, top 
1000 listed companies are required to formulate a 
Dividend Distribution Policy. Accordingly, your Company 
has adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy which sets 
out the parameters and circumstances to be considered 
by the Board in determining the distribution of dividend 
to its shareholders and / or retaining profits earned by the 
Company. The said Policy is available on the website of the 
Company at the link https://www.relaxofootwear.com/
policies.
7.	
Transfer to Reserves
	
We have transferred H75.00 Crore (Rupees Seventy Five 
Crore Only) to the general reserve from net profits. An 
amount of H85.63 Crore (Rupees Eighty Five Crore Sixty 
Three lac only) is proposed to be retained in the Statement 
of Profit & Loss of the Company. 
8.	
Public Deposits
	
Your Company has not invited or accepted any deposits within 
the meaning of Sections 73 and 74 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force), from public during the year under 
review. Therefore, no amount of principal or interest was 
outstanding, as on the balance sheet closure date.
9.	
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
	
During the year under review, the Directors state that 
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), i.e. Secretarial 
Standard-1 (“SS-1”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”), 
relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General 
Meetings’, respectively, have been duly complied by the 
Company.
10.	 Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate Company
	
Your Company does not have any subsidiary, joint venture or 
associate company, during the Financial Year under review.


--- Page 15 ---

13
11.	 Changes in Nature of Business
	
There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the Financial Year under review.
12.	 Share Capital
	
Authorised Share Capital:
	
The Authorized share capital of your Company as on March 
31, 2023 stood at H51,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty One Crores 
Only) divided into 51,00,00,000 (Fifty One Crores) Equity 
Shares of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
	
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital:
	
During FY23, the Board of Directors of the Company at its 
meeting held on March 30, 2023, issued and allotted 12,540 
(Twelve Thousand Five Hundred Forty) equity shares of H1/- 
(Rupee One Only) each fully paid up on exercise of stock 
options by the eligible employees under the Employee 
Stock Option Plan, 2014 (RFL ESOP PLAN-2014).
	
As on March 31, 2023, the issued, subscribed and paid-
up share capital of the Company was H24,89,38,586/- 
(Rupees Twenty Four Crores Eighty Nine Lacs Thirty Eight 
Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty six Only) consisting 
of  equity shares of face value of H1.00/- each divided into 
24,89,38,586 (Twenty Four Crores Eighty Nine Lacs Thirty 
Eight Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty six) equity shares 
of H1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
13.	 Disclosure Relating to Remuneration of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
	
Your Company believes that building a diverse and 
inclusive culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board 
will be able to leverage different skills, qualifications, 
professional experiences, perspectives and backgrounds, 
which is necessary for achieving sustainable and balanced 
development. 
The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee had adopted principles for identification of 
Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management including 
the Executive Directors. Pursuant to Section 134(3)
(e) and Section 178(3) of the Act, the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy adopted by the Board also sets 
out the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence while evaluating a person 
for appointment / re-appointment as Director or as KMP 
with no discrimination on the grounds of gender, race 
or ethnicity, nationality or country of origin, and to also 
determine the framework for remuneration of Directors, 
KMP, Senior Management Personnel and other employees. 
The detailed Nomination and Remuneration Policy is 
available on the website of the Company at the link https://
www.relaxofootwear.com/policies.
14.	 Particulars of Employees
	
The information and disclosure required under Section 
197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) 
of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), in respect of Directors and Employees of 
your Company is set out in Annexure - A to this report. 
15.	 Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
	
Pursuant to the Section 152(6) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Deval Ganguly, 
Whole Time Director (DIN: 00152585)  of the Company will 
retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting 
and being eligible, offered himself for re-appointment. 
The Board has recommended his re-appointment to 
shareholders.
	
The members in the 38th AGM held on August 25, 2022 
through Video Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio Visual 
Means ("OAVM") have approved the Appointment of Mr. 
Kuldip Singh Dhingra (DIN: 00048406) as Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) 
years and appointment of Mr. Gaurav Dua (DIN:09674786) 
as Whole Time Director of the Company for a period 
commencing from July 26, 2022 to September 30, 2023.
	
As on March 31, 2023, Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua (DIN 
- 00157872), Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua 
(DIN - 00157898), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Nikhil Dua 
(DIN-00157919), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Gaurav Dua 
(DIN:09674786)- Whole-Time Director, Mr. Deval Ganguly 
(DIN - 00152585) Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sushil Batra, 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Mr. Ankit Jain, Company 
Secretary, are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of your 
Company.
	
During the Financial year under review, Mr. Vikas Kumar 
Tak resigned from the position of Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer of the Company effective December 
15, 2022 and Mr. Ankit Jain was appointed as the Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. 
February 4, 2023.
	
Additionally, Mr. Pankaj Shrimali (DIN: 00013142), being 
Non-executive Independent Director of the Company was 
designated as Chairperson of the Company with effect 
from April 1, 2022, in compliance with Part E of Schedule II 
of the Listing Regulations.
	
Therefore, your Board is maintained with optimum 
combination of Executive and Non-Executive/Independent 
Directors. As on March 31, 2023, the Company has 1 (One) 
Managing Director, 4 (Four) Whole Time Directors and 5 
(Five) Non-Executive Independent Directors including 1 
(One) Woman Independent Director. The composition of 
the Board represents an optimal mix of professionalism, 
knowledge, experience and expertise in varied fields 


--- Page 16 ---

14
enabling it to discharge its responsibilities and provide 
effective leadership for long term vision with highest 
standards of governance.
16.	 Declaration by Independent Directors
	
The Company has received necessary declarations from all 
the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that 
they meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 25(8) read with 
Regulation 16 of Listing Regulations (as per the amendment 
in SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
(Third Amendment) Regulations, 2021). The Company has 
also received from them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 
(1) & (2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, regarding online registration 
with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”) at 
Manesar, for inclusion/ renewal of name in the databank 
of Independent Directors. The Independent Directors have 
also confirmed that they have complied with the Company’s 
Code of Conduct for Independent Directors prescribed in 
Schedule IV of the Act.
17.	 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with 
regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent 
Directors appointed during the year
	
With regard to integrity, expertise and experience (including 
the proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed/re-
appointed during the FY23, the Board of Directors has taken 
on record the declarations and confirmations submitted by 
the Independent Directors and is of the opinion that all the 
Independent Directors are persons of integrity and possess 
relevant expertise and  experience and their continued 
association as Directors will be of immense benefit and 
in the best interest of the Company. With regard to 
proficiency of the Independent Directors, ascertained from 
the online proficiency self-assessment test conducted by 
the Institute, as notified under Sub-Section (1) of Section 
150 of the Act, the Board of Directors has taken on record 
the declarations submitted by Independent Directors that 
they are exempt from appearing in the test.
	
None of the Directors other than Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua, 
Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua, Mr. Nikhil Dua 
and Mr. Gaurav Dua, Whole time Directors of the Company 
are related inter-se, in terms of Section 2(77) of the Act 
including Rules framed there under.
18.	 Annual Evaluation 
	
In terms of the provisions of section 178 of the Act read 
with Rules issued thereunder and Regulation 19 read 
with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors in consultation with Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, has formulated a framework 
recommended by the renowned consultants containing, 
inter-alia, the criteria for performance evaluation of the 
entire Board of the Company, its Committees and individual 
directors, for FY23.
	
During the reporting year, customized questionnaires were 
circulated to all the Board members in order to enhance 
the effectiveness of the Evaluation Process. The Board 
Evaluation process was carried out to ensure that the Board 
and various Committees of the Board have appropriate 
composition and they have been functioning collectively 
to achieve the business goals of the Company. Directors 
were evaluated on their contribution at Board/Committee 
meetings and guidance & support to the management 
outside Board/Committee meetings and other parameters 
as specified by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee of the Company.
	
The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various 
aspects, including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key 
responsibilities, Board structure and composition, role and 
accountability, management oversight, risk management, 
culture and communication, frequency and effectiveness of 
meetings.
	
The Committees of the Board were assessed on the basis 
of degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy of 
Committee composition and effectiveness of meetings.
	
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman of 
the Board and the Non-Independent Directors was carried 
out by the Independent Directors who also reviewed the 
performance of the Board as a whole.
	
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with the 
evaluation process.
19.	 Familiarization Programme
	
In terms of Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company familiarizes its Directors about their role and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment through 
a formal letter of appointment. The format of the letter of 
appointment/re-appointment is available on our website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.relaxofootwear.com/terms-
conditions-of-independent-director.
	
Sessions are conducted at the meetings of the Board and 
its various Committees on the relevant subjects such as 
strategy, Company performance, financial performance, 
internal financial controls, risk management, plants, retail, 
products, finance, human resource, capital expenditure, 
CSR, Compliances etc. All efforts are made to keep 
Independent Directors aware of major developments 
taking place in the industry, the Company’s business model 


--- Page 17 ---

15
and relevant changes in the law governing the Company’s 
business. The details of the programs/sessions conducted 
for familiarization of Independent Directors can be accessed 
on the Company website at the link www.relaxofootwear.
com/other-disclosures.
20.	 Number of Meetings of the Board 
	
During FY23, the Board of Directors met 5 (five) times on 
May 11, 2022, July 26, 2022, November 2, 2022, February 4, 
2023 and March 30, 2023, the details of which are provided 
in the Report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of 
the Annual Report. The intervening period between any two 
consecutive Board meetings was within the maximum time 
gap prescribed under the Act, Regulation 17 of the Listing 
Regulations and SS-1 issued by ICSI.
21.	 Committees of the Board
	
During the FY23, the Board had 5 (five) Committees, 
namely:
	
-	 Audit Committee;
	
-	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
	
-	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee;
	
-	 Risk Management Committee; and
	
-	 CSR & ESG Committee.
	
All the recommendations made by the Committees of the 
Board including the Audit Committee were accepted by the 
Board. A detailed update on the Board, its composition, 
detailed charter including terms and reference of various 
Board Committees, number of Board and Committee 
meetings held during  FY23 and attendance of the Directors 
at each meeting is provided in the report on Corporate 
Governance, which forms part of the Annual Report.
22.	 Director’s Responsibility Statement 
	
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, the 
Directors to the best of their knowledge and belief, confirm 
that:
a)	
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards had been followed, 
along with the proper explanation relating to material 
departures;
b)	
such accounting policies have been selected and 
applied consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period;
c)	
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the 
maintenance 
of 
adequate 
accounting 
records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
d)	
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going 
concern basis;
e)	
Internal Financial Controls have been laid down to 
be followed by the Company and that such Internal 
Financial Controls are adequate and were operating 
effectively; and
f)	
Proper systems have been devised to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
23.	 Statutory Auditors 
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read 
with provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended) M/s Gupta & Dua, Chartered 
Accountants, (ICAI Firm Registration No. –003849N) were 
appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a 
period of 5 (five) years from the conclusion of 38th AGM till 
the conclusion of 43rd AGM of the Company.
24.	 Auditors' Report 
	
The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ 
Report to the accounts, which is self-explanatory. 
The Auditor’s Report for FY23 does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. The 
observation of the Statutory Auditors on the financial 
statements have been suitably explained in the Notes to 
Accounts and do not require any further clarification. 
25.	 Details in respect of frauds reported by auditors 
under section 143(12) other than those which are 
reportable to the Central Government 
	
During the Financial Year under review, no fraud is reported 
by the Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of 
the Act.
26.	 Maintenance of Cost Records and Cost Audit
	
The Company does not fall under the category prescribed 
under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act and Rules 
3 and 4 of the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended from time to time) to whom the 
requirements of maintenance of Cost Records and the 
requirement of Cost Audit is applicable.
27.	 Internal Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the 
Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India 
LLP and Sahni Natarajan and Bahl as the Internal Auditors 
of the Company for Financial Year 2023-24 in co-sourcing 
model along with in-house Internal Auditor. 


--- Page 18 ---

16
28.	 Secretarial Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the Act read 
with Rule 9 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force) and Regulation 24A of the Listing 
Regulations, the Board had appointed M/s Chandrasekaran 
Associates to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company 
for the Financial Year 2022-23 as recommended by Audit 
committee.
	
The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 2022-
23 is annexed as Annexure-B which forms part of this 
report. The Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2023 does not contain any qualification, 
reservation or adverse remarks except the following:-
	
(i)	 The Chairman of Audit Committee has not attended the 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company held 
on August 25, 2022 due to some business exigencies as 
Chairman of Audit Committee had to urgently travel. 
Accordingly he couldn’t attend this AGM.
	
(ii)	 During the period April 01, 2022 to April 21, 2022, 
the Chairman of the Company and Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) was the same 
Director of the Company; during the aforesaid period no 
meeting of Board and NRC have been held. Accordingly, 
the Chairman of the Board hasn’t attended any 
meeting of NRC as Chairman of the Company and 
did not take any decision in the NRC as Chairman of 
Company during the aforesaid period.
	
(iii)	 The Company has delayed/non filing of certain forms 
with Registrar of Companies. As confirmed by the 
management of the Company that due to the technical 
issues on the portal of Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
arising on account of transition of V2 to V3, form CSR-
2 could not be filed within prescribed timeline.
	
(iv)	 The audio recordings of certain earning calls of the 
Company have been submitted by the Company with 
the stock exchanges within twenty-four hours from the 
conclusion of such calls but not before the next trading 
day from the conclusion of such calls. However going 
forward the Company did take care to file the same in 
all further correspondences with stock exchange before 
the next trading day from the conclusion of such call or 
twenty-four hours whichever was earlier.
29.	 Annual Return
	
Pursuant to Section 134 and Section 92(3) of the Act 
read with Rule 12 (1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return as on March 
31, 2023 will be available on the website of the Company at 
the link https://www.relaxofootwear.com/annual-return.
30.	 Contracts and Arrangements with Related Parties
	
During FY23, the Company has entered into various 
transactions with related parties. All the Contracts/ 
arrangements/transactions entered into by the Company 
with its related parties during the Financial Year under 
review were in the ordinary course of the business, on the 
arm’s length basis and were undertaken in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations. 
	
During the Financial Year under review, the Company had 
not entered into any contract/arrangement/transaction with 
related parties which could be considered material in accordance 
with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions that would have required Shareholders’ approval 
under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.
	
The updated Policy on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions is available on the website of the Company at 
the link - https://www.relaxofootwear.com/policies. 
	
The Policy intends to ensure that proper reporting, approval 
and disclosure processes are in place for all transactions 
between the Company and Related Parties.
	
The particulars of the material related party transactions 
are provided in Form AOC-2 as Annexure-C which forms 
part of this Report. Further, disclosures as per Ind-AS 24 
have been made in note 39 of the financial statements for 
the year ended March 31, 2023. 
31.	 Particulars of Loans, Guarantees & Investments
	
In terms of Section 186 of the Act and Rules framed 
thereunder, details of the Loans given and Investments 
made by your Company have been disclosed under note 4 
in Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 
31, 2023, which forms part of this Annual Report. Your 
Company has not given any guarantee or provided any 
security during the year under review.
32.	 Risk Management 
	
Your company has a Risk Management Policy consistent 
with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations. 
Risk management process has been established across the 
Company and is designed to identify, assess and frame a 
response to threats that affect the achievement of its 
objectives. Further, it is embedded across all the major 
functions and revolves around the goals and objectives of 
the organisation.
	
The Board of Directors has constituted its Risk 
Management Committee to assist the Board in fulfilling 
its responsibilities relating to evaluation and mitigating 
various risks exposures that potentially impact the 
Company.
