--- Page 72 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
70
Independent Auditors’ Report
TO THE MEMBERS OF RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
Report on the Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of 
Relaxo Footwears Limited (“the Company”), which comprise 
the Balance Sheet as at  March 31, 2022, the Statement of 
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, 
including a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the “financial 
statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid  financial statements 
give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
“Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view 
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and 
other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2022 and its 
profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its 
cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the 
financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the rules 
thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities 
in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of 
Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial 
statements of the current period. These matters were addressed 
in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a 
whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide 
a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the 
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Description of Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revenue Recognition
(Refer Note no.20,29 and 47 to the Financial statements:
As per the accounting policy of the Company, the revenue is recognised 
upon transfer of control of goods to the customer and thus requires an 
estimation of the revenue taking into consideration the rebates and 
discounts as per the terms of the contracts.
With regard to the determination of revenue, the management is 
required to make significant estimates in respect of following:
• 	 the rebates/ discounts  linked to sales, which will be given to the 
customers pursuant to schemes offered by the Company; and
•	 discounts offered by the customers to the ultimate consumers at the 
behest of the Company.
The matter has been determined to be a key audit matter in view of the 
involvement of significant estimates by the management.
Our audit procedures included the following:
•	 Obtained an understanding from the management with regard to 
controls relating to recording of rebates and discounts and period end 
provisions relating to estimation of revenue, and tested the operating 
effectiveness of such controls;
•	 Tested the inputs used in the estimation of revenue in context of 
rebates and discounts to source data;
•	 Assessed the underlying assumptions used for determination of 
rebates and discounts;
•	 Ensured the completeness of liabilities recognised by evaluating the 
parameters for sample schemes;
•	 Performed look-back analysis for past trends by comparing recent 
actuals with the estimates of earlier periods and assessed subsequent 
events;
• 	 Tested credit notes issued to customers and payments made to them 
during the year and subsequent to the year-end along with the terms 
of the related schemes.
Based on the above procedures, we did not identify any significant 
deviation to the assessment made by management in respect of 
estimation of rebates and discounts.


--- Page 73 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
71
Key audit matters
How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Provisions, Litigations, Claims and Contingent Liabilities:
(Refer Note-15, 29 and  30)
The management is required to make judgements and estimates in 
relation to the issues and exposures arising from a range of matters 
relating to direct tax, indirect tax, general legal proceedings and other 
eventualities arising in the regular course of business. The Company 
is also subject to complexities arising from uncertain tax positions on 
deductibility of expenses and allowance of certain tax deductions.
The key judgement lies in determining the likelihood and magnitude of 
the possible cash outflows and interpretations of the legal aspects, tax 
legislations and judgements previously made by authorities. By nature, 
these are complex and include many variables.
Our audit procedures included the following:
• 	 We tested the design, implementation and operating effectiveness 
of key internal controls around the recognition and measurement of 
provisions.
• 	 We inquired the status in respect of significant provisions with the 
Company’s internal tax and legal team.
• 	 We assessed the value of material provisions in light of the nature 
of the exposures, applicable regulations and related correspondence 
with the authorities.
• 	 We challenged the assumptions and critical judgements made by 
the Company which impacted their estimate of provision required, 
considering judgements previously made by the authorities in 
the relevant jurisdictions or any relevant opinions given by the 
Company’s advisors and assessing whether there was an indication of 
management bias.
• 	 We verified the calculation of provision on a test check basis.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditors’ Report thereon 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
preparation of the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures 
to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include 
the financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon. Our 
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other 
information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our 
knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of 
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We 
have nothing to report in this regard. 
Management’s 
Responsibility 
for 
the 
Financial 
Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to 
the preparation of these  financial statements that give a true 
and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, 
cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes 
maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of 
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation 
of the financial statements that give a true and fair view and are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditors’ Responsibility for the Audit of the Financial 
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an 
auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance 
is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the 
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial 
statements.


--- Page 74 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
72
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and 
perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis 
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit 
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company 
has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls. 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management. 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related 
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude 
that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw 
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in 
the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, 
to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the 
financial statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the financial 
statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it probable 
that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user 
of the financial statements may be influenced. We consider 
quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the 
scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; 
and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in 
the financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all 
relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related 
safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the 
current period and are therefore, the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or 
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.	 As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(“the Order”) issued by the Central Government of India in
terms of section 143 (11) of the Act, we give in the Annexure
‘A’ a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 
4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2.
As required by section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
(a)	 We have sought and obtained all the information and
explanations, which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit.
(b)	 In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law 
have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from 
our examination of those books.
(c)	 The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including Other Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow 
Statement and Statement of Changes in Equity dealt 
with by this Report are in agreement with the books of 
account.
(d)	 In our opinion, the aforesaid financial statements comply 
with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under 
section 133 of the Act.
(e)	 On the basis of written representations received from the 
directors as at March 31, 2022 and taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as 
at March 31, 2022 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of section 164 (2) of the Act. 
(f)	 With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our 
separate report in Annexure ‘B’
(g)	 With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements of 
section 197(16) of the Act, as amended: 


--- Page 75 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
73
	
In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us,   the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during 
the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 
197 of the Act. 
(h)	 With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditors’ Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us:
i)	
The Company has disclosed the impact of pending 
litigations on its financial position in its financial 
statements
ii)	 The Company did not have any long-term contracts 
including any derivative contracts for which there 
were any material foreseeable losses;
iii) 	There has been no delay in transferring amounts, 
required to be transferred, to the Investor   Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company.
iv)	 (a)	 The Management has represented that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by 
the Company to or in any other person or entity, 
including 
foreign 
entity 
(“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or 
invest in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
	
(b)	 The Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
	
(c) 	Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
v)	 a)	 The final dividend paid by the Company during 
the year in respect of the same declared for the 
previous year is in accordance with section 123 of 
the Companies Act 2013 to the extent it applies 
to payment of  dividend (Refer Note No.13 to the 
financial statements).
	
b) 	 As stated in Note  No. 48 to the financial 
statements, the Board of Directors of the 
Company have proposed final dividend for 
the year which is subject to the approval of 
the members at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting. The dividend declared is in accordance 
with section 123 of the Act to the extent it applies 
to declaration of dividend.
	
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
	
Chartered Accountants
	
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
	
Akshay Maheshwari
	
Partner
	
Membership No.504704
New Delhi, May 11, 2022 	
UDIN: 22504704AIUEAO2463


--- Page 76 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
74
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 1 under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our report of even date)
To the best of our information and according to the explanations 
provided to us by the Company and the books of account and 
records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state 
that:
1.	 a)	 (A)	 The Company has maintained proper records showing 
full particulars including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, plant and equipment.
	
	
(B)	 The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets
	
b)	 According to the information and explanations given to 
us, property, plant and equipment have been physically 
verified by the management in a phased periodical 
manner which in our opinion is reasonable having regard 
to the size of the Company and nature of its assets. No 
material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
	
c)	 Based upon the audit procedure performed and according 
to the records of the Company, the title deeds of all the 
immovable properties (other than properties where the 
Company is the lessee, and the lease agreements are 
duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the 
name of the Company.
	
d)	 The Company has not revalued its Property, plant and 
equipment (including Right of use Assets) and intangible 
assets during the year end.
	
e)	 According to the information and explanations given to 
us, no proceedings have been initiated or pending against 
the Company for holding any benami property under the 
“Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules 
made thereunder.
2.	 In respect of its inventories:
	
a)	 The management has physically verified the inventories. 
In our opinion, the frequency, coverage and procedure of 
such verification is reasonable. The discrepancies noticed 
on verification between the physical stocks and the book 
records were not material and such discrepancies have 
been properly dealt with in the books of accounts.
	
b)	 The Company has been sanctioned working capital 
limits in excess of H5 crores, in aggregate, from banks 
on the basis of security of current assets during the year. 
According to the information and explanations given 
to us, the quarterly returns or statements filed by the 
Company with such banks are in agreement with the 
books of accounts of the Company.
3.	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not made any 
investments in, provided any guarantee or security or 
granted any loans or, secured or unsecured to companies, 
firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or other parties.
4.	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not granted any 
loans or provided any guarantees or security to the parties 
cover under section 185 of the Act. In respect of investments 
made by the Company, the provisions of section 186 of the 
Act have been complied with.
5.	 In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted 
any deposit from the public during the year in terms of the 
provisions of section 73 to 76 of the Act or any other relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder.
6.	 The maintenance of cost records has not been specified by 
the Central Government under sub-section (1) of section 148 
of the Companies Act, 2013 for the business activities carried 
out by the Company. Hence, reporting under clause (vi) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company.
7.	 In respect of statutory dues:
	
a)	 In our opinion, the Company has generally been regular 
in depositing undisputed statutory dues, including 
Goods and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ 
State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty 
of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and 
other material statutory dues applicable to it with the 
appropriate authorities.
	
	
There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of 
Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of 
Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and other 
material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2022 
for a period of more than six months from the date they 
became payable.


--- Page 77 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
75
S.No.
Name of the Statute
Nature of  
the Dues
Forum where dispute  
is pending
Period to which the amount 
relates
Amount
1.
Haryana General Sales Tax Act, 1973.
Purchase Tax
Jt. Commissioner
2001-02
0.20
2002-03
0.15
2.
Delhi Value Added Tax Act, 2005
Input Tax  
Appellate Tribunal, Delhi
2005-06
0.04
2013-14
0.22
3.
Rajasthan Tax on Entry of Goods into 
Local Area Act, 1999
Entry Tax
Tax Board, (Ajmer).
2011-12 to 2016-17
  0.71
4.
Income Tax Act, 1961
Income Tax (*)
Assessing Officer & CPC
2006-07,2008-09 to 2013-14, 
2016-17 to 2019-20
4.80(*) 
TDS
Assessing Officer, 
Commissioner (A), ITAT
2008-09 to 2011-12, 2013-14 
to 2015-16, 2017-18 to  
2019-20 and 2022-23
 0.04
Total
6.16
(*) The above demands are majorly on account of Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) credit not given by   Income Tax Department while issuing intimations 
under section 143(1) of the  Income Tax Act,1961. The Company has disputed the same as the said DDT has already been deposited on time and the 
Company has submitted the proof for payment to the Department for deleting the said demands.
b)	 Details of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2022 on account of 
disputes are given below:	
(H in Crore)
8.	 There were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded 
income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
9.	 a)	 Based on the information and explanations given to 
us, we are of the opinion that the Company has not 
defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings or 
in the payment of interest thereon to any lenders.
	
b)	 The Company is not declared a willful defaulter by any 
bank or financial institution or other lender.
	
c)	 The Company has not taken any term loan during the 
year and there are no outstanding term loans at the 
beginning of the year and hence, reporting under clause 
3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
	
d)	 On an overall examination of the financial statements 
of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, 
prima facie, not been used during the year for long-term 
purposes by the Company.
	
e)	 The Company has no subsidiaries, associates or joint 
ventures. Hence, reporting under clause 3 (ix)(e) and (f) 
of the Order is not applicable
10.	 a)	 The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial 
public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the year. Hence, reporting under 
clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
	
b)	 The company has not made any preferential allotment 
of shares or fully or partially convertible debentures 
during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3 (x) (b) of 
the Order is not applicable.
11.	 a)	 No fraud by the Company and no material fraud on the 
Company has been noticed or reported during the year.
	
b)	 No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the 
Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 with the Central Government, during the year and 
upto the date of this report.
	
c)	 We have taken into consideration the whistle blower 
complaints received by the Company during the year 
(and upto the date of this report), while determining the 
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
12.	 In our opinion, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. 
Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(xii) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company.
13.	 In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
applicable transactions with the related parties and the 
details of related party transactions have been disclosed 
in the financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
14.	 a)	 In our opinion, the Company has an adequate internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and nature of 
its business
	
b)	 We have considered, the internal audit reports for the 
year under audit, issued to the Company during the 
year and till date, in determining the nature, timing and 
extent of our audit procedures.
15.	 According to the information and explanations given to us 
and on an overall examination of the financial statements of 
the Company, we report that the Company has not entered 
into any non- cash transaction with directors or persons 
connected with him, therefore, reporting under clause 3(xv) 
of the Order is not applicable.


--- Page 78 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
76
16.	 a)	 The Company is not engaged in business of Non-Banking 
Financial Company or Housing Finance Company or Core 
Investment Company requiring registration under the 
Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under 
clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
	
b)	 The Company is not a part of a Group as defined in the 
Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 
2016 and accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of 
the Order is not applicable.
17.	 The Company has not incurred any cash losses in the 
financial year covered by our audit and in the immediately 
preceding financial year.
18.	 There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of 
the Company during the year.
19.	 On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and Management plans and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date 
of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable 
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance 
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year 
from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is 
not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. 
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any 
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
20.	a)	 There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing projects 
requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule 
VII to the Companies Act in compliance with second 
proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the said Act. 
Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable for the year.
	
b)	 In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has 
transferred unspent Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) amount as at the end of the previous financial 
year, to a Special account within a period of 30 days from 
the end of the said financial year in compliance with the 
provision of section 135(6) of the Act.
	
	
In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has 
transferred the unspent Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) amount as at the Balance Sheet date out of the 
amounts that was required to be spent during the year, 
to a Special Account in compliance with the provision of 
sub-section (6) of section 135 of the Act.
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
Akshay Maheshwari
Partner
Membership No.504704
New Delhi, May 11, 2022	
UDIN: 22504704AIUEAO2463


--- Page 79 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2021-22
77
Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 2(f) under the heading “Report on other legal and regulatory requirements” of our report of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under clause 
(i) of sub section 3 of section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of Relaxo Footwears Limited (“the Company”) as of 
March 31, 2022 in conjunction with our audit of the financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal 
financial controls over financial reporting based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 
“Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by ICAI 
and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, 
to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, 
both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls over financial reporting was established and maintained 
and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial 
control over financial reporting includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, 
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide 
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary 
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorizations of management and directors 
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2022 based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.
	
For B R Maheswari & Co LLP
	
Chartered Accountants
	
Firm’s Registration No. 001035N/N500050
	
Akshay Maheshwari
	
Partner
	
Membership No.504704
New Delhi, May 11, 2022 	
UDIN: 22504704AIUEAO2463
