--- Page 14 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
12
	
Your Company retained ISO 27001:2013 certification 
confirming 
our 
commitment 
to 
IT 
security, 
confidentiality and data integrity. Your Company has 
implemented data leak prevention and web security 
solutions and is working on cyber security risk 
assessment to pre-empt risks arising from a remote 
working environment. 
	
Human Resource
	
Switching completely online during the year, your 
Company conducted regular webinars and capability 
development programs for its employees as part of 
talent development initiatives. Your Company also 
conducted campus hiring to induct fresh minds from 
coveted business schools across the country under its 
‘Management Trainee & Graduate Engineer Trainee 
Program’.
	
Your Company took proactive steps to mitigate 
impact of the pandemic on its employees by issuing 
and implementing health advisories, office hygiene, 
inclusion of Covid-19 in health insurance policies, 
driving work from home initiatives and introduction 
of special Corona leaves, which helped maintain 
employee safety and business continuity.  
4.	
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
	
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(e) of the Listing Regulations, 
a detailed Management Discussion and Analysis Report for 
the Financial Year under review is presented in a separate 
section, forming part of this Annual Report.
5.	
Dividend
	
In line with the Dividend Distribution Policy of the Company, 
the Board of your Company in their meeting held on May 
20, 2021 have recommended a final dividend @ 250% 
equivalent to C 2.50 (Rupees Two and Fifty Paisa Only) per 
equity share of C 1/- (Rupee One Only) each fully paid up 
for the Financial Year 2020-21 payable to those members 
whose name appear in the Register of members / list of 
beneficiaries as on August 19, 2021 i.e. the cut-off date. 
The total final dividend payout will amount to C 62.11 Crore 
(Rupees Sixty Two Crore Eleven Lacs Only). The payment of 
final dividend is subject to the approval of members in the 
Company’s ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
	
The Register of Members and Share Transfer Books will 
remain closed from August 20, 2021 (Friday) to August 25, 
2021 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive) for the purpose of 
payment of final dividend for the Financial Year 2020-21, if 
declared at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).
6.	
Dividend Distribution Policy
	
As per Regulation 43A of the Listing Regulations, top 
1000 listed companies are required to formulate a 
Dividend Distribution Policy. Accordingly, your Company 
has adopted the Dividend Distribution Policy which sets 
out the parameters and circumstances to be considered 
by the Board in determining the distribution of dividend 
to its shareholders and / or retaining profits earned by 
the Company. The said Policy is available on the website 
of the Company at the link https://www.relaxofootwear.
com/media/file/pdf/download_file/dividend-distribution-
policy-1607581017.pdf.
7.	
Transfer to Reserves
	
We propose to transfer C 300.00 Crore (Rupees Three 
Hundred Crore Only) to the general reserve from net profits 
and C 0.01 Crore (Rupees One Lac Only) from share based 
payment reserve pertaining to cancellation of vested 
options. An amount of C 45.55 Crore (Rupees Forty Five 
Crore Fifty Five Lacs Only) is proposed to be retained in the 
Statement of Profit & Loss of the Company. 
8.	
Public Deposits
	
Your Company has not invited or accepted any deposits within 
the meaning of Sections 73 and 74 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force), from public during the year under 
review. Therefore, no amount of principal or interest was 
outstanding, as on the balance sheet closure date.
9.	
Compliance with Secretarial Standards
	
During the year under review, the Directors state that 
applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), i.e. Secretarial 
Standard-1 (“SS-1”) and Secretarial Standard-2 (“SS-2”), 
relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General 
Meetings’, respectively, have been duly complied by the 
Company.
10.	 Subsidiary/ Joint Venture/ Associate Company
	
Your Company does not have any subsidiary, joint venture or 
associate company, during the Financial Year under review.
11.	 Changes in Nature of Business
	
There was no change in the nature of business of the 
Company during the Financial Year under review.
12.	 Share Capital
	
Authorised Share Capital:
	
The Authorized share capital of your Company as on March 
31, 2021 stood at C 51,00,00,000 (Rupees Fifty One Crores 
Only) divided into 51,00,00,000 (Fifty One Crores) Equity 
Shares of C 1/- (Rupee One Only) each.
	
Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital:
	
During the Financial Year 2020-21, the Board of Directors at 


--- Page 15 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
13
their meeting held on October 31, 2020, issued and allotted 
1,95,665 (One Lac Ninety Five Thousand Six Hundred and 
Sixty Five) equity shares of C 1/- (Rupee One Only) each 
fully paid up on exercise of stock options by the eligible 
employees under the Employee Stock Option Plan, 2014 
(RFL ESOP PLAN-2014). 
	
As on March 31, 2021, the issued, subscribed and paid-up 
share capital of the Company was C 24,84,42,101/- (Rupees 
Twenty Four Crores Eighty Four Lacs Forty Two Thousand 
One Hundred and One Only) divided into 24,84,42,101 
(Twenty Four Crores Eighty Four Lacs Forty Two Thousand 
One Hundred and One) equity shares of C 1/- (Rupee One 
Only) each.
13.	 Disclosure Relating to Remuneration of Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
	
Your Company believes that building a diverse and 
inclusive culture is integral to its success. A diverse Board 
will be able to leverage different skills, qualifications, 
professional experiences, perspectives and backgrounds, 
which is necessary for achieving sustainable and balanced 
development. 
The 
Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee had adopted principles for identification of Key 
Managerial Personnel, Senior Management including the 
Executive Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration 
Policy adopted by the Board also sets out the criteria 
for determining qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence while evaluating a person for appointment / 
re-appointment as Director or as KMP with no discrimination 
on the grounds of gender, race or ethnicity, nationality or 
country of origin, and to also determine the framework 
for remuneration of Directors, KMP, Senior Management 
Personnel and other employees. No change has been 
made in the Nomination and Remuneration Policy during 
the Financial Year under review. The detailed Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy is available on the website of 
the Company at the link https://www.relaxofootwear.
com/media/file/pdf/download_file/nomination--and--
remuneration--policy-1607581216.pdf.
14.	 Particulars of Employees
	
The information and disclosure required under Section 
197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1), 5(2) and 5(3) 
of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force), in respect of Directors and Employees of 
your Company is set out in Annexure - A to this report. 
15.	 Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
	
Pursuant to the Section 152(6) of the Act read with the 
Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Ramesh 
Kumar Dua, Managing Director (DIN: 00157872)  and Mr. 
Mukand Lal Dua, Whole Time Director (DIN: 00157898) of 
the Company will retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting and being eligible, offered themselves for 
re-appointment. The Board has recommended their re-
appointment to shareholders.
      	 The Board of Directors in its Meeting held on May 20, 2021, 
on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, approved the re-appointment of Mr. Deval 
Ganguly (DIN: 00152585) as a Whole-Time Director of 
the Company (liable to retire by rotation), for a period of 
three (3) years with effect from November 5, 2021, on such 
remuneration and terms and conditions as provided in the 
Notice convening the AGM. The Board has recommended 
his re-appointment to shareholders.       
	
A brief resume of the Directors proposed to be re-appointed, 
the nature of their expertise in specific functional areas, 
names of companies in which they hold Directorships, 
Committee membership/s / Chairmanship/s, shareholding 
etc. as stipulated under Secretarial Standard-2 issued by ICSI 
and Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations, is appended 
as an Annexure to the Notice of the ensuing AGM.
	
The shareholders in the 36th AGM held on September 24, 
2020 through Video Conferencing ("VC") / Other Audio 
Visual Means ("OAVM") have approved the re-appointment 
of Mr. Nikhil Dua (DIN: 00157919) as a Whole-Time Director 
of the Company for a period of three (3) years w.e.f. October 
01, 2020.
	
As on March 31, 2021, Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua (DIN - 
00157872), Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua (DIN 
- 00157898), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Nikhil Dua (DIN-
00157919), Whole-Time Director, Mr. Deval Ganguly (DIN 
- 00152585) Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sushil Batra, Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) and Mr. Vikas Kumar Tak, Company 
Secretary, are the Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of your 
Company.
16.	 Declaration by Independent Directors
	
The Company has received necessary declarations from all 
the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that 
they meet the criteria of Independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 25 (8) read with 
Regulation 16 of Listing Regulations. The Company has also 
received from them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 (1) 
& (2) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of 
Directors) Rules, 2014, regarding online registration with 
the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar, for 
inclusion/ renewal of name in the databank of Independent 
Directors.The Independent Directors have also confirmed 
that they have complied with the Company’s Code of 
Conduct for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule 
IV of the Act.


--- Page 16 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
14
17.	 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with 
regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent 
Directors appointed during the year
	
With regard to integrity, expertise and experience (including 
the proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed/
re-appointed during the Financial Year 2020- 21, the Board 
of Directors have taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors 
and is of the opinion that all the Independent Directors are 
persons of integrity and possess relevant expertise and 
experience and their continued association as Directors 
will be of immense benefit and in the best interest of the 
Company. With regard to proficiency of the Independent 
Directors, ascertained from the online proficiency self-
assessment test conducted by the Institute, as notified 
under Sub-Section (1) of Section 150 of the Act, the Board of 
Directors have taken on record the declarations submitted 
by Independent Directors that they are exempt from 
appearing in the test.
	
None of the Directors other than Mr. Ramesh Kumar Dua, 
Managing Director, Mr. Mukand Lal Dua and Mr. Nikhil Dua 
Whole time Directors of the Company are related inter-se, 
in terms of Section 2(77) of the Act including Rules framed 
there under.
18.	 Annual Evaluation 
	
In terms of the provisions of the Act read with Rules issued 
thereunder and Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors 
in consultation with Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, has formulated a framework recommended 
by the renowned consultants containing, inter-alia, the 
criteria for performance evaluation of the entire Board of 
the Company, its Committees and individual directors, for 
the Financial Year 2020-21. The Board Evaluation process 
was carried out to ensure that the Board and various 
Committees of the Board have appropriate composition 
and they have been functioning collectively to achieve the 
business goals of the Company. Directors were evaluated 
on their contribution at Board / Committee meetings and 
guidance & support to the management outside Board / 
Committee meetings and other parameters as specified 
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 
Company.
	
The Board’s functioning was evaluated on various 
aspects, including inter alia degree of fulfillment of key 
responsibilities, Board structure and composition, role and 
accountability, management oversight, risk management, 
culture and communication, frequency and effectiveness of 
meetings.
	
The Committees of the Board were assessed on the basis 
of degree of fulfillment of key responsibilities, adequacy 
of Committee composition and effectiveness of meetings. 
The Company does not have a regular Chairman, however 
the Chairman appointed for the Board meetings was also 
evaluated by all the Directors on the basis of managing 
relations, leadership, competence and diligence.
	
The performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board, excluding the Director being 
evaluated. The performance evaluation of the Chairman 
appointed for the Board meeting and the Non-Independent 
Directors was carried out by the Independent Directors who 
also reviewed the performance of the Board as a whole. 
	
The Board of Directors expressed their satisfaction with the 
evaluation process.
19.	 Familiarization Programme
	
In terms of Regulation 25(7) of the Listing Regulations, 
the Company familiarizes its Directors about their role and 
responsibilities at the time of their appointment through 
a formal letter of appointment. The format of the letter of 
appointment / re-appointment is available on our website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.relaxofootwear.com/terms-
conditions-of-independent-director.
	
Sessions are conducted at the meetings of the Board and 
its various Committees on the relevant subjects such as 
strategy, operations, plants, retail, products, organization 
structure, finance, human resource, capital expenditure, 
CSR, Compliances etc. All efforts are made to keep 
Independent Directors aware of major developments 
taking place in the industry, the Company’s business model 
and relevant changes in the law governing the Company’s 
business. The details of the programs/sessions conducted 
for familiarization of Independent Directors can be 
accessed on the Company website at the link https://www.
relaxofootwear.com/other-disclosures 
20.	 Number of Meetings of the Board 
	
During the Financial Year 2020-21, the Board of Directors 
met five (5) times on June 6, 2020, August 1, 2020, October 
31,2020,  January 30, 2021 and, March 26, 2021, the details of 
which are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, 
which forms part of this Annual Report. The intervening period 
between any two consecutive Board meetings were within the 
maximum time gap prescribed under the Act, Regulation 17 of 
the Listing Regulations and SS-1 issued by ICSI.
21.	 Committees of the Board
	
During the Financial Year 2020-2021, the Board had five (5) 
Committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination 
and 
Remuneration 
Committee, 
the 
Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee, the Risk Management Committee 
and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.


--- Page 17 ---

ANNUAL REPORT 2020-21
15
	
All the recommendations made by the Committee of the 
Board including the Audit Committee were accepted by the 
Board. A detailed update on the Board, its composition, 
detailed charter including terms and reference of various 
Board Committees, number of Board and Committee 
meetings held during the Financial Year 2020-21 and 
attendance of the Directors at each meeting is provided in 
the report on Corporate Governance, which forms part of 
this Report. All the Audit Committee meetings except the 
meeting held on June 6, 2020, were held within the period 
of 120 days. The delay was due to nationwide lockdown 
because of Covid-19 pandemic. However, SEBI vide its 
notification no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/38 dated 
March 19, 2020 relaxed the time frame for holding Audit 
Committee meetings beyond the period of 120 days.
22.	 Director’s Responsibility Statement 
	
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Act, the 
Directors to the best of their knowledge and belief, confirm 
that:
a)	
in the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards had been followed, 
along with the proper explanation relating to material 
departures;
b)	
such accounting policies have been selected and 
applied consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent, so as to 
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the Financial Year and of the 
profit of the Company for that period;
c)	
proper and sufficient care has been taken for the 
maintenance 
of 
adequate 
accounting 
records 
in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
d)	
the annual accounts have been prepared on a going 
concern basis;
e)	
Internal Financial Controls have been laid down to 
be followed by the Company and that such Internal 
Financial Controls are adequate and were operating 
effectively; and
f)	
Proper systems have been devised to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating 
effectively.
23.	 Statutory Auditors 
	
In terms of the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read with 
provisions of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014 (as amended) B R Maheswari & Co. LLP, Chartered 
Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. –001035N/
N500050) were appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company for a period of five (5) years from the conclusion of 
33rd AGM till the conclusion of 38th AGM of the Company.
	
Pursuant to Section 139 and 141 of the Act and relevant 
Rules prescribed there under, your Company has received 
a certificate from the Statutory Auditors confirming their 
eligibility to continue as the Auditors of the Company and 
also a copy of the certificate issued by the Peer Review 
Board (ICAI) as required under Regulation 33 of the Listing 
Regulations.
24.	 Auditors' Report 
	
The Board has duly examined the Statutory Auditors’ Report 
to the accounts, which is self-explanatory. The Auditor’s 
Report for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 does not 
contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. 
The observation of the Statutory Auditors on the financial 
statements have been suitably explained in the Notes to 
Accounts and do not require any further clarification. 
25.	 Details in respect of frauds reported by auditors 
under section 143(12) other than those which are 
reportable to the Central Government 
	
During the Financial Year under review, no fraud is reported 
by the Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of 
the Act.
26.	 Maintenance of Cost Records and Cost Audit
	
The Company is not falling under the category prescribed 
under sub-section (1) of Section 148 of the Act and Rules 
3 and 4 of the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014 (as amended from time to time) to whom the 
requirements of maintenance of Cost Records and the 
requirement of Cost Audit is applicable.
27.	 Internal Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act, the 
Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India 
LLP, as the Internal Auditor of the Company for Financial 
Year 2021-22 in co-sourcing model along with in-house 
Internal Auditor. 
28.	 Secretarial Auditor
	
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the 
Act read with Rule 9 of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof for the time being in force) and Regulation 24A 
of the Listing Regulations, the Board had appointed M/s 
Vivek Arora, Practicing Company Secretaries (Membership 
No. A12222, C.P. No. 8255) to conduct the Secretarial 
Audit of the Company for the Financial Year 2020-21. 
The Secretarial Auditors have submitted their report, 
confirming compliance by the Company of all the provisions 


--- Page 18 ---

RELAXO FOOTWEARS LIMITED
16
of applicable corporate laws. The Secretarial Audit Report 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 does not contain 
any qualification, reservation or adverse remarks. The 
Secretarial Audit Report for the Financial Year 2020-21 is 
annexed as Annexure-B which forms part of this report.
29.	 Annual Return
	
Pursuant to Section 134 and Section 92(3) of the Act 
read with Rule 12 (1) of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, the annual return as on March 
31, 2021 will be available on the website of the Company at 
the link https://www.relaxofootwear.com/annual-return
30.	 Contracts and Arrangements with Related Parties
	
During the Financial Year 2020-21, the Company has 
entered into various transactions with related parties. All 
the Contracts / arrangements / transactions entered into 
by the Company with its related parties during the Financial 
Year under review were in the ordinary course of the 
business,  on the arm’s length basis and were undertaken 
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and 
the Listing Regulations. 
	
During the Financial Year under review, the Company had not 
entered into any contract / arrangement / transaction with 
related parties which could be considered material in accordance 
with the Policy of the Company on materiality of Related Party 
Transactions that would have required Shareholders’ approval 
under Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations.
	
The Policy on materiality of Related Party Transactions is 
available on the website of the Company at the link - https://
www.relaxofootwear.com/media/file/pdf/download_file/
policy-on-materiality-of-related-party-transactions-1607581151.
pdf.
	
The particulars of the material related party transactions 
are provided in Form AOC-2 as Annexure-C which forms 
part of this Report. Further, the name of related parties 
and details of transactions with them have been included 
in note 39 of the financial statements for the year ended 
March 31, 2021. 
31.	 Details of Loans, Guarantees & Investments
	
The details of loans, guarantees and investments under 
Section 186 of the Act read with Companies (Meeting of 
Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force) are as follows:-
a)	
Details of investments made by the Company as 
on March 31, 2021 (including investments made in 
previous years)
	
(i)    Investment in equity shares :  C 20.00 Lacs
	
(ii)   Investment in debt instruments : Nil
b)	
Details of loans given by the Company	  : Nil
c)  	
There are no guarantees issued by your Company in 
accordance with Section 186 of the Act read with the 
Rules issued thereunder.
	
The details of Investments made under Section 186 of 
the Act are also provided in the note 4 forming part of the 
financial statements of Financial Year 2020-21.
32.	 Risk Management 
	
Your Company has a well-defined risk management 
framework in place. The risk management framework works 
at various levels across the enterprise. These levels form the 
strategic defense cover of the Company’s risk management. 
Risk management process has been established across the 
Company and is designed to identify, assess and frame a 
response to threats that affect the achievement of its 
objectives. Further, it is embedded across all the major 
functions and revolves around the goals and objectives 
of the organization. Your Company has constituted a Risk 
Management Committee of the Board which is authorized 
to monitor and review risk management plan. 
	
Your Company has developed and implemented a Risk 
Management Policy which is approved by the Board. The 
Risk Management Policy, inter alia, includes identification 
of risks, including cyber security and related risks and also 
those which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the 
operations or existence of the Company. The Committee is 
empowered, to review and recommend to the Board the 
modifications to the Risk Management Policy.
	
The details pertaining to the composition, meetings and 
terms of reference of the Risk Management Committee 
are included in the Report on Corporate Governance which 
forms part of this Annual Report.
33.	 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and its 
Committee
	
Your Company has firm belief and commitment towards 
the collective development of all the stakeholders 
especially people at bottom of the pyramid and consider 
it as prerequisite for the sustainability of the business. 
Thus, CSR is not just compliance for the Company but is an 
opportunity to contribute towards nation building through 
well-defined professional approach. 
	
In compliance with the provisions prescribed under Section 
135 of the Act, your Company constituted a CSR Committee. 
The Board of Directors laid down the CSR Policy, covering 
the objectives, focus areas, governance structure and 
monitoring & reporting framework among others. The 
Policy is available on the website of the Company at 
the 
link 
https://www.relaxofootwear.com/media/file/
pdf/download_file/corporate--social--responsibility--
policy-1607581240.pdf.
